CREATOR LANGUAGE PROFILE: Dan Koe
============================================================
Source Files: 6 transcripts
Original Word Count: 28,673
Cleaned Word Count: 27,670
Reduction: 3.5%
============================================================

TOP KEY PHRASES (3-word patterns):
----------------------------------------
going to be: 46 occurrences
you have to: 35 occurrences
you're going to: 35 occurrences
is going to: 34 occurrences
you need to: 31 occurrences
that you can: 30 occurrences
are going to: 27 occurrences
you want to: 26 occurrences
i want to: 23 occurrences
it's going to: 21 occurrences
we need to: 19 occurrences
and then you: 19 occurrences
in order to: 17 occurrences
not going to: 17 occurrences
to talk about: 17 occurrences
you don't have: 16 occurrences
the things that: 16 occurrences
going to have: 16 occurrences
we're going to: 16 occurrences
you can start: 16 occurrences

============================================================

CLEANED TRANSCRIPT TEXT:
============================================================

transcript ======================================== i shave my head every often, as you can tell. and at first it was out of fear of going bald. i buzzed my head to rip the metaphorical band-aid off and get used to the look that i was doomed to have. and i also believe that too many guys are dependent on their hair for their self-confidence. but that's beside the point. and it turns out that i wasn't going bald. my hairline looks the top of an iphone. as ian, who's a cortex engineer, gratefully illustrative for me. and now i know this can sound cheesy, but after doing it a few times, shaving my head is become symbolic for shifting into an alter ego. and the alter ego is a coin termed by todd herman, who has the book the alter ego effect that we'll talk about. but for me, it's a sub identity that helps me achieve goals faster with pure focus, a warrior going into battle. and this is especially the case now because with cortex picking up and new features finally getting in, i have to work a lot more. and this is symbolic of me of like, okay, it's time to lock in, we need to get things done. this is all i'm focused on now. in my head is represented above that. the other thing here is that it's a way to make myself vulnerable that i have no other option but to be with it. this is the secret weapon of kobe bryant, because he had the alter ego, the black mamba, which was something that he adopted in a difficult period of his life, and it reflected the mindset that he wanted to have on the basketball court. now, in my own life, i often oscillate between warrior and monk war mode and monk mode, and many are familiar with monk mode because it's a self-improvement tactic where you disappear from the world, remove distractions, and practice some form of asceticism where you reject worldly pleasures in the pursuit of personal development. war mode is the opposite. you attack your goals. you simulate a hunt. you say yes to everything. you expose yourself to massive experience. you overwhelm your mind with chaos and force yourself to expand into a new identity. you become the person who can bear a massive load of responsibility. someone who doesn't crack under pressure because that means death. i use this war mode as a means to take my mind body business to another level when i need to, because the problem here is the problem with modern life now. in general, people work on simple tasks they hate all day, never challenge themselves creatively, and think they need a break from work. now, personally, most people would benefit from more work than they would more rest. one because rest for most people is synonymous with a pleasurable escape from boredom rather than a deep recovery session from stimulating work. you want to understand more of this? go watch the four hour workday videos that i have. rest is not laying on the couch, eating cheetos and watching tv all day. that's numbing yourself from work you don't doing. and then that brings up two problems instead of one. the problem is an only work you don't doing because rest isn't a solution to that. your version of rest is making that worse. the second thing here is that the average person lacks periods of pure intensity toward a meaningful goal. they lack true balance, which lies, in contrast, meaningful work and meaningful rest, both with pure focus. not the middle path, but the path of high highs and low lows, catastrophic failure and blissful success. those are where the most profound lessons are learned. and if you're floating in the middle life becomes a blur of boredom and anxiety. too many people simply want to escape the stress and mundane ness of everyday life, they think more rest or a fancy vacation will do it for them. i'd to propose another solution to go a little insane, to flip the switch overnight to transform into an entirely new person. let's learn how the alter ego is a bridge between who you are now and who you are meant to be. the alter ego allows you to step outside yourself to see the bigger picture. those are two quotes from todd herman, who's the author of the alter ego effect. and now the main question that comes up here as well, like, isn't putting on a mask or acting as a different person inauthentic? and this reminds me of a paper that i wrote in high school. now, i don't know what the topic was supposed to be about, but i remember what i wrote and it was along the lines of i act as a different person when i'm around different people, i'm a different person when i'm in class or at church, when i was forced to go, or with my friends or with my parents, or when i was in a call of duty lobby, or halo three or league of legends and talking to gamers. now, why would i speak to my parents in the same way that i would speak to someone who 360 know, scope me across the map and i'm cursing them out? now, what surprised me here is that my teacher, his name was mr. right. he agreed with me. he pulled me aside and he mentioned how he does the same thing, but he doesn't talking about it because it makes him feel inauthentic. now i'm paraphrasing here. that's what i remember. the reality is, humans are shapeshifters. we are creators, generalists. we adapt to situations to survive and thrive. our mind has a unique capability to change its perspective, thus changing the landscape for where your attention goes. but few people have practiced this skill. you already do this every day. you bring forth different qualities of your identity to act your best in different situations. but once you learn to control this power, you can do the impossible. this is why many people struggle with discipline and confidence. they get trapped in a mind clouded with self-doubt and insecurity. they fail to step out of that little box and view it from an entirely new angle. they drown their goals, dreams, and ambitions. sit on a bookshelf and collect dust. the business you want to start, that social life you want to have that body and mind you want to build. they all nag at you as you go about the life you don't want to live, and continue to make the chaos in your mind worse. now in comes the alter ego. martin luther king jr would wear non-prescription glasses to become a distinguished intellectual for his talks. kobe bryant would turn into the black mamba because it is fast, smooth and terrifying. now, in a similar vein, i was watching this clip of eddie hall, who is a strongman, where he was talking about how the weight that he lifts in competitions. there's no way that he could lift that weight. in normal training he wouldn't be able to. he's not strong enough. but when he visualizes in detail, his family being crushed by the weights or by car, he taps into this superhuman level of strength that he normally wouldn't have. all the people competing in these strongman competitions, that's not what they can normally lift. they're using this alter ego. they're adopting the qualities of the identity that would be in a terrifying situation that allows them to get to that next level or reach the goal. you can see how powerful this can be by bringing the qualities from a different situation, from a different identity into you, to thrive in the current one that you're in now. why does this work? there's many reasons psychologically why this works, but a main one that is because of this. when you adopt an alter ego, your mind starts to focus on how you should act your finite mental energy. about 50 bits of conscious information per second is consumed by the shift in attention. you don't have the bandwidth to give energy to your self-doubt and insecurities, because the conscious mind can process 50 bits of information per second. the unconscious is 11 million bits of information per second. i talk about this in my book, the art of focus, but those those 50 bits, the the minimal, tiny amount of 50 bits of information that you can pay attention to now, when you give all of that to your self-doubt and insecurities, it becomes your world. you become what you focus on. but it takes effort to expand into a new mind that allows a shift in focus. we need to create a mental frame to focus our attention away from self-doubt and fear. we need to create a new identity to expand into. with repetition and learning. we need to create a plan. our attention is narrowed further and we live in the flow state. when you give this process time, your life changes in innumerable ways. here's exactly how you create an alter ego to jump into when it's time to perform. step one is one that we've talked about all the time, which is vision. what do you want? because first we need an attention anchor. we need something that pulls your attention away from doubt and insecurity. you need a sturdy mental house that you built, not someone else. a house you can decorate and live in. when outside conditions get harsh. now, this can't be any old goal or new year's resolution that you set because everyone else is setting it, or you feel a tiny bit of motivation to do so. it must have gravity. it must be meaningful. it must be something that you want to dedicate your life to. but the thing with this is none of this comes in an instant. the common thing whenever i talk about vision or what do you want that you get the typical answers to that. it's like, well, i'm not interested in anything. i don't know what i want. i don't know what i don't want, i don't know what i want to do, i don't know what i want to try. and you can't get past that perspective to finally realize what you want to do or what you want to try. you're reacting to these little thoughts in your head, and you're not going any further beyond those. your your mind's in this little box and you aren't trying to open the box. your vision is something that starts anything else. you've started something before you started school. you started a job. you started something new. how does that go? it sucks. at first it feels inauthentic, but you need to get something on paper you have something to improve. when we're creating design screens for cortex or building out the features, we're thinking. we're imagining. it's theory. we think it's going to work. but then once people start using it or it's in the real world now, it most of the time doesn't work and then how to improve. that's called iteration. you can't iterate on something that doesn't exist or that's stuck in your mind. that's what the vision is for. you get something down, even if it feels inauthentic, because then when you go about life, you can realize, okay, i don't want this, and then you're like, okay, i do want this. and then you refine it and you slowly course correct toward a life you want. the progress in life isn't this linear path from i'm here, i want to get to this goal. it's here's a weird cloud of what i want. potentially, i'm going to start going towards that and see where it goes. and you go up, down, you go all over the place until you finally get to something that you think you want. you never get exactly what you want. you try things, experiment and you'll find some direction to go. if you want a starting point, you can use my simple life reset planner, which there's a link in the description. no email required, or you get it when you join my newsletter or you can simply pull out a note taking app or a piece of paper and write down these questions. how do you want to look, speak, and be perceived? why? what environment do you want to live in? why? if money is a reflection of the impact you have, how much money do you want to make? what can yourself getting good at and being known for? why? what do you want your average day to look like? down to the detail? why? again, this is a starting point. you add, subtract, and refine as you go about life. but the thing here is, what if i'm not motivated to start? and what if i struggle to get started? that brings us to step two. step one is vision. step two is clarity. how do you make progress? a lack of self-confidence is brutal. you can't stop questioning your actions and can't find any sustainable source of motivation because it's always clouded over with doubt. the truth is, a lack of self-confidence comes down to a lack of clarity. the first half of the clarity equation comes down to perspective. we solve that with a vision that gets stronger with faith. the second half of clarity comes down to knowing what to focus on, and luckily, this isn't a matter of luck. it's a matter of strategy. in other words, you need a plan. your vision can seem far away. it's a north star, but a plan is a guess that starts out dumb and becomes educated. that narrows your focus on what steps move the needle forward. and as a quote from me, accept me high because optimal experience depends on the ability to control what happens in consciousness moment by moment. each person has to achieve it on the basis of his own individual efforts and creativity. when your attention narrows in on a task, distractions become much more difficult to register in your attention. but if you don't know what to do next and next and next, after you start the task, it all starts to fall apart. if the next task is hard, you get anxious. if the next task is too easy, you get bored. then in there with anxiety or boredom, your attention splits out of the task. the present moment splits out of your vision, and that's when distractions start to register. you can use this. you can reverse engineer. this is like, okay, if i get distracted, notice that distraction when you get distracted and realize, okay, boredom and anxiety, what's leading to what anxiety? okay, maybe this is too difficult for me, or i don't have the knowledge or skill or clarity to achieve this thing. okay, this thing is too boring for me, i'm getting bored. how do i make this task more challenging? how do i get myself in the middle where i can't help but focus and work on the task? part of this is creating a plan. let's do that. first, break down your vision into palatable milestones. if you want to make $1 million a year, then milestones could be your first dollar, then 10,000, then 100,000 and on. you probably aren't going to leap to 1 million without making your first 10,000. and what you must do to get to 10,000 is going to be much different than getting to 1 million. again, the 1 million, it's up there. you get anxious thinking about it and you don't know how to get there. but 10,000 or even $1 okay. $1. that becomes a lot more specific and you can make sense of it. the second thing here is write out exactly what you have to do to reach the first milestone. for the million dollar example or the $1 example, i would have to start a business obviously to make my first dollar, specifically one that aligns with the rest of my vision and interests. in my case involves writing. now i have some clarity, right? i'm a beginner. i want to make $1. okay. i start researching, learning and doing how to how do i get to $1 as a writer? now the third thing is write out exactly what you have to learn in order to do that thing. for starting a writing business, i need to learn marketing, sales, content creation, and how to create a product or service. if i focus on the first $1 milestone, then i could create an e-book, charge $10 for it, and promote it on social media to the small audience i've been building with content creation. now i know this is a sneaky plug, but if you writing, i teach writing. you can join the writer's bootcamp that starts on march 4th, where we go over how to build an audience, how to write posts, newsletters, threads, and now youtube scripts and ai with cortex, which will be cool, which drastically speeds up how fast you can learn and how fast you can edit your writing and refine it. it's a sparring partner. it doesn't write for you, it makes you sharper. you learn more. you can join the bootcamp with the link in the description. now, the four step to creating a plan is to list out the daily tasks that get results, not busywork. for a writing business, that means posting high quality content similar to devin erickson, who i keep talking about but on twitter, follow devin erickson and look at how he posts. you may not what he posts. he has some politics and other things, and everyone disagrees with everyone in some way, but he's good at writing his opinions in a long form way. that's unique on twitter. and other self-published authors wonder, i've seen these posts where they're like, is anyone making sales on twitter for their books? and then you go and look, it's they're asking for confirmation of like, is twitter a good place to sell a book when they're thinking about it? completely wrong. it's not about twitter or instagram or youtube or any of these things. it's about your message and how people care about you. you go to their profile and all is book promotions, and then you go to devin's profile and all of these fleshed out thoughts and other things worth following and people buying. his book is a byproduct of that. and of course, he promoted as well. he's doing extremely as a self-published author because he's not pushing the book constantly, he's attracting people to his thoughts and opinions, and his book is an extension of him. you need to post your beliefs, opinions and teach people about your interests. they don't care about your book or product at first. they care about you first, then they purchase your book or any other product because they you. this is what's different about being a creator or social media stuff. then marketing of the past. where you on the radio or billboard or even the radio there was. you had a personal connection with them, but the advertising industry makes it feel marketing is icky when it doesn't have to be that way. you can talk about what you want and provide something valuable. now with your plan, you should get as granular and detailed as possible with this, because it's the same thing with the vision. if you're not with making guesses or taking a step into the unknown, or doing anything that doesn't involve being told what to do from someone else, you have to get used to making your own decisions and understanding that all of life is going to be uncertainty. and the more you can bear that uncertainty, the more potential you have. it's if you don't know what to do yet. it's if you feel overwhelmed you're doing something new, or you expect to not feel overwhelmed. you're changing your life. it's going to be painful, but pain isn't that bad of a thing in this sense, it's a good sign. but the thing here with people wanting things handed to them, that's what they've been programed to do. they've been programed to obey authority and take orders and not be able to do anything unless they have permission from someone else. we need to overcome that. that's where identity in the alter ego comes into play. we need to get rid of the residual conditioning that is in your head from when you were a child. that's step three identity. we have vision, clarity, identity. that's how you change your life. three identity. who must you become. i want to pose this question to you. what would jesus do. have you heard that before? it turns out that question can be the singular source of a good life. now, i'm not a christian, but i get the point of the question. jesus christ, a person is symbolic for someone who achieved a high stage of consciousness. in some circles they even call this christ consciousness. but they didn't have the word consciousness or awareness back then. or else we would all be on a similar page now, and the differences between religion would be few. now, we've talked about the stages of ego development in a previous video titled how to become more intelligent than 99% of people, you can go and watch that to understand the stages of development and what a highly developed person looks when they reside. mostly in that stage, of course, you go up and down and left and and it may be, but as a baseline, instead, i want you to create an alter ego more conscious and developed than you, you can adopt their perspective to thrive in what used to be difficult situations. your alter ego is who you become to achieve your vision and execute your plan. and as einstein supposedly said, you can't solve a problem from the same level of mind that created it. we need to tap into a higher level of mind to overcome the struggles we face in the pursuit of our goals. because most of your problems aren't problems, they're a lack of perspective and thus awareness and consciousness. here's what i want you to do. the first thing is to choose 2 to 3 aspirational archetypes that have achieved the things that you want to achieve. as i'm building a startup, i can often pull qualities from people steve jobs or john hugh and vitale, who i have a podcast on this channel with, who are the founders of stan, who have built a $30 million company relatively quickly, and they've been willing to help me in answer questions. it's cool to have a mentor. but for something meaning or spirituality, it makes a lot of sense to look up to someone jesus christ or gautama. a buddha. i didn't mean to say it that. got him a buddha. the beautiful thing about the internet is that you can follow these people and absorb their advice. step number two is to write down the qualities you need to achieve your goals. your job is to study these aspirational archetypes and note the qualities that you need to adopt, or you need to put into your alter ego. steve jobs was articulate, creative, and high agency. buddha was mindful, calm and sharp. these are the qualities you're going to jump into when it's time to act. the third step is giving your alter ego a name. this helps make it a bit more real, and this can be anything. a name of a person, a name of an animal. make it something descriptive of the identity you want to adopt. i personally thought of myself as goku going super saiyan when i'm trying to hit a new record in the gym, but you can do you want now with this. creating an alter ego isn't some silly practice. you've probably done it before without being conscious of it. and now that you can make it conscious and you can tap into it when you want to, that's powerful. it's not a mask that you put on that disappears once you take it off. it's a vessel for identity change. you're consciously expanding into this new level of mind, and the more time you spend there, the more it becomes your natural state. because you're viewing life from that lens, you're going to be shifting between in and out of it. actually, this was the reason behind the symbol on my book, the art of focus. there's looks a bullseye. there's one line on the outside, one on the middle, and then a dot on the inside. and they represent your perspective, the perspective of your ideal self and the perspective of the universe. and being able to go in and out of those things to act better in certain situations, or to navigate life in your problems. now that we have all of that, how do we like, go? how do we do it? how do we go war mode? because you don't need motivation or discipline when you are the person who would take specific actions to change who you are, you must educate, practice, and experience new information to reprogram your mind's faulty wiring. that was installed by society. you must rip yourself out of the environment that is keeping you the same. you must force yourself into places you don't belong until you do. you must channel what you learn into a project that moves you toward your vision. take your alter ego and go war mode. and remember, war mode is different from monk mode. you attack your goals. you simulate a hunt. you say yes to everything. you expose yourself to massive experience. the first step to going war mode is to commit and shave your head. now you don't have to shave your head, especially if you're a woman. but the point still stands. do something physical that is representative of your commitment that you can't turn back from. too many people in today's society want to try changing their life without consequences. it's no wonder why they rarely achieve anything. they have too many plan bs. they aren't fully invested in their vision because they're afraid to leave the comfort that will always prove to end up more uncomfortable than committing to a life you want. listen to that again. buy new clothes. burn your old ones. sign a lease on an apartment you can't afford you're forced to make your business work. get on the plane across the country with a few dollars and a plan. put your last few dollars into marketing for your business. money doesn't buy happiness, but it buys the ability to make mistakes, which leads to growth, which leads to happiness. this is tactical stress. do the thing that makes your self doubt real, because now it's all in your head. it's going to be a lot scarier than the reality of it. it's a goldfish. you can only grow as much as the tank you were put in. put yourself in a new tank. after committing doing something physical, send me pictures. if you shave your head. the second step is to learn and you learn by embracing chaos, you need two habits, 30 to 60 minutes of learning and 30 to 60 minutes of building. because the most important thing you can do when the world is changing rapidly is learn new skills, new technologies, new paths in life. dedicate time to finding the ideas you can channel into your work. hopefully i can help with this. i have a lot of videos on skill acquisition and now that cortex ai is, and i'm going to be making more on how to enhance those with things ai, which is a cutting edge skill that many people should learn. now in terms of building, if you want any form of work, money, or the ability to sustain a better life, you need to create something valuable that other people want. you already spend most of your time building for someone else. you can set aside some time to build your own thing, but we don't stop there. learning goes far beyond reading books and watching tutorials. learning is a fundamental human drive. you learn from your everyday experience, but you don't learn in the known. you don't learn in the mundane, everyday routine that you've fallen into over the past few years. when things get static, you need to change something, anything you need chaos. you need novelty. you need the experiences and ideas that fuel forward progress. build something new. test, test, test. rip apart your daily routine. do anything but the same thing we commit. we learn. in third step. build your mind body. in business you don't know what to build. start with the only things that matter your mind, which is how you interpret risks and opportunities to make better decisions. your body, how you look, feel and are perceived by others, and business how you contribute value to the world. you live with your mind and body, it should be considered your full time job to study them, master them and not be controlled by them. your mind and body allow you to transform the world and help others. the amount of transformations you can make, the ability to create is what, that's david deutsch's definition of wealth. your ability to create is your capacity to generate wealth. now, business is the modern way to package up the creative ability of your mind and give it to others in a way that allows you to sustain your ideal life, your health and energy, or your capacity to invest attention into your life's work without getting distracted. your mind, body in business, or the singular priorities that will lead to your vision becoming reality. create a project for each. adopt a training program. start the business. acquire knowledge in the pursuit of both. and for those asking what about relationships? don't understand that by developing yourself, you improve your relationships by proxy, you become less of a leech. your cup overflows into theirs and you no longer need them to pour into yours. now, the last step is to expose yourself to massive experience. because war mode is a period of intense growth, it doesn't last forever. maybe 2 to 3 months. you only have much you can give before you burn out. give it everything you have. say yes to everything. talk to new people. accept the invitation. launch the business. ask for help. fill your mind with much chaos that even if you crack under pressure, you come out a more developed individual. fly too close to the sun and land on the moon. i promise you, you will look back in 12 months and have no idea how you came far. after a period of recovery. do it all over again. growth isn't linear. it comes in short, exponential bursts of progress. the good thing is, once you practice it, you can choose to set up the variables to encourage this period of growth. i'll see you on the other side. thank you for watching. subscribe writers boot camp link in the description cortex i should be out now. go try it out. we'll see you in the next video. bye. transcript ======================================== work less. earn more. enjoy life. that's my motto. that's my value proposition. if you were to go to my website and success is counterintuitive and that motto has brought me the most growth in my life by living by that motto, because working less and forcing myself to try to work less and build solutions that i can work less, rather than be like, oh, you can't work 2 to 4 hours a day, you can only work 8 hours a day is like, no, i can work as much as i fucking want to if i build the systems that allow me to do that and it's obvious working less leads to higher quality rest or more rest, which leads to higher quality work. and myself and others that are on this whole four hour workday kick are usually producing better work than most of the people that are working 12 to 16 hours a day. being the hustle and grind entrepreneur. that is a bit too promoted on social media. it's work less but earn more. earning more is subjective. it's up to the individual right. i would say that most people want to earn more, but they want to do it doing what they enjoy. that's another thing that i live by, another rule where i have to build. i have to create a way for myself to do that and not expect it to fall into my lap. earning more is subjective, but over time i truly do believe that anyone that has the dedication or at least the will or want and consistency to do what they enjoy for the rest of their life and make a good income doing it, they can do that. why wouldn't they be able to? and then the last part of the motto is enjoy life. and that is usually a byproduct of both of working less, resting more, earning more, and having the time and location freedom to be able to do what you choose to do with your life. that's what i'm all about. and it's weird when i see people in the comments or other things challenging this notion. it's like, dude, like, do you believe that you have no fucking control over your life? like, yeah, you're not going to have it now. it takes some time. i could go on about this all day, but like, dude, like, believe in yourself. as simple as that sounds work towards a better future for yourself. but, i also fell into the trap of wanting to live the life of other people, beach front views and the sand in my toes. and a tan david hasselhoff and sipping coconuts on the beach while working from my laptop. and that was until i experienced that life. i'm not here to shed on the digital nomad culture. it's great. i do think it's great, but the like, who wants to do that? it gets old quick where you're trying to work on the beach and you can't even see your screen because the glare from the sun and it gets too hot and you have to reapply sunscreen and you're like, i'm fucking thirsty. i'd rather be inside working. and i don't know that stuff. it's like, yeah, you have to go through trial and error to understand what you want. you have to figure out what you don't want in order to figure out what you want. but you have to understand that the glamor and the different lifestyles that people promote, it's for it's dopamine, right? you're you're seeing something that you want. and then once you achieve it, if you don't appreciate it and make it a part of your life, then that is going to fade quickly. the wi-fi connection in those areas gets old, the partying and the language barrier and doing the things that on social media as a highlight reel. they do get old. and the purpose of this video, i want to talk about moderation and sustainability because we talked about how some of those things, or at least the glamorous things, are not truly sustainable. i want to present a business model that allows you to create your ideal lifestyle through practice, experimentation and iteration. it's a way to make a creative income source with your skills, interests and expertize, but it's not limited to people that already have those things. business in the modern day, with social media and the internet and it being accessible and low startup costs, you don't have to pay money to post something online and ask for money in exchange for a valuable service, a freelance service or consulting service, or even a coaching call or something that is beginner level that you can then build up and increase from there as you gain experience. and it's a new path, it's a new business model because of all of the technological advancements. but, is that people still consider it taboo because they aren't in the game. it hasn't been around for that long, but it's here to stay. you're going if you decide to pursue this way of social media and digital products and digital services and all of these things that are growing and growing over time. there's some statistic about the education industry increasing by x, y, z, and you understand that i am an educator, whether i to label myself as that or not. every single person on youtube that is a value creator rather than an entertainment creator is an educator. they are teachers. this is a new method of education that college and formal institutions cannot keep up with because their curriculum cannot be updated to match something that isn't going to put them into a job. because the school system and corporate government stuff is all tied together. they're training into one another. and the internet, it threatens that because it gives the individual the power to make a creative income on their own. and the education around that from individuals on social media and course platforms and other things,, where they are. the school system can't keep up with that. that's the main thing is it is completely in your hands. and if you do not that, if you do not value self-reliance or personal responsibility or taking control of your own life, then this isn't for you yet. until you come to the realization that if you want true happiness, those are going to have to become values of yours. if you're watching this or listening to this, i'm assuming that you are between 18 and 35 years old. that's what it shows on my analytics. i have your age, i have your demographics. i'm going to steal them all and sell it to private third party software. i'm kidding. i don't do anything with it aside from look at this, but 18 to 35 years old and some outliers. i see you if you're 40 or 50, you're trying to get into the space when you're older. that's fucking awesome. props to you. but 18 to 35. now, the problem is that most people don't see those 18 to 35 years as past experience that they can leverage to help other people. you haven't self reflected enough to see your own value in the problems you've overcome and that you are genuinely equipped with information that can help other people that you can educate them on and help them. the first thing is that you don't think you have enough experience. the second thing is that you think you're too boring. you think your life's too boring when this is the cause of social media. and what we were talking about earlier with the glamorous lifestyles, you don't need a glamorous lifestyle to do this stuff. you need to be interested enough to make your interests interesting to other people. i always recommend starting with writing twitter, newsletter, blog, even youtube. i'm reading my newsletter from this, but that's the thing. you don't need to even put your face on the account. you don't have to do any of that. stop letting the limiting beliefs. what i'm saying is the thing, first thing i said at the start of this video is that if you want to accomplish something, then you need to build a solution in order to accomplish it. if you want to start a business without having to show your body, then build a fucking business without having to show your body. it's that simple. stop convincing yourself otherwise that you can't do something because you're not doing it everyone else. and from my experience, the highest paid individuals aren't the ones with the looks and glamor. those people are banking on sponsorships and other things and they're not making much money. i know that the people that make the most money are the generals. they aren't one dimensional, they're multi dimensional because they're the generalists that hire the specialists. everyone tells you to become a specialist when that's the worst thing you can do. why? because specialists mean that you do x, y, z, you go abc, you do a specific thing, you do a specific thing. and that is primed for automation. it's being automated out left and right. right. you are not a robot. you are not. i perform this specific task with this specific skill because that's that's where you get automated, right? that you're able to be trained into that you need to be a generalist and be able to move artfully and gracefully within a specific domain of interest that you have. general rule of thumb is that if you work a robot, then you are a robot and you will be outsourced to robots and your job will be replaced by a human being should be able to change a diaper plan, an invasion butcher, a hog, connor ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem pitch manure program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. specialization is for insects. that is a quote from robert, a heinlein. even more of a problem than not seeing your own personal experience as valuable is ineffective communication because that's all people on social media are doing is effective and persuasive communication to make their own interests valuable and interesting, or at least perceived as valuable and interesting to other people. that is the skill that you have to master is writing effective communication and also effective thinking because writing is how you clarify your thoughts. the one person business model has always appealed to me over having employees a simple website as a storefront, a digital product stack with high profit margins, four hour workdays and potential $1 million years control over what you work on and who you work with. hard to beat. the one person business, in my eyes, is for those that value self-reliance, time, freedom and location, freedom, sovereignty, autonomy. being able to do what you want and having enough money to do while impacting the world and having a purpose behind your life. one person businesses, they use social media for building an audience, building a community and attracting people of minds. right. they have they have leverage for the future by building an audience because a freelancer and they send called dms all day. well, it's i build an audience and i can sell different offers whenever i want, as long as they're helpful to my audience and they want to purchase them willingly. and they use social media as traffic. and then in order to host their products or their content or even their newsletter, we use no code tools, right? which is software. a website builder, maybe a social media scheduler, things that, where those do specialized tasks that other people got replaced from doing, social media managers as a whole are going to be outsourced to software that can do those repetitive tasks at a much, much, much cheaper price. and that is opening up room for individuals, for solopreneur, for one person businesses to have every aspect of their business manage without them having to do anything aside from oversee the software and add their mind or their creative ability to those softwares together in order to create a successful business. and another important aspect of the one person business is lifestyle design, because if you work for someone else, you have a manager, they manage you. but when you work for yourself, you can sleep until 1 p.m.. but are you going to get your work done? if you can get your work done, how are you going to systemize that? how are you going to structure your days for both maximum productivity and maximum creativity? how are you going to design the life that you want to live through? trial error, experimentation, and self-reflection and understanding the problems that are blocking your quality of life. you have to understand as that there is no saturation in a one person business because if it is a one person business, it means it evolves with you. i used to sell digital products and i no longer sell them because i evolved, i changed, i pivoted a bit and i changed what i offer. i started a different business, it may be. but that's i desaturated that market because i can only take on much. right? this is the one person business model is everyone taking their piece of the pie by doing what they truly enjoy. and if everyone did that, you would have to understand that every single interest, every single person is going to study different interests. they're going to explore the crevice of reality that they are the most curious about and distill their learnings to the people that want to learn about those things. and if every if every single person was authentic and honest with what they wanted to pursue and their ability to monetize that. let's say i want to start carving out woodworking and selling cutting boards, right? and i study woodworking. i study design, kitchenware, design or something that. right? you can see that your interests are not the only one that exists because that's the trap that a lot of us fall into as well. like, well, everyone's doing self-improvement, everyone's studying self-improvement, everyone's a programmer. it's like, no, dude, it's because you're interested in those things and you're following the 5 to 700 people that talk about those things. only. that's all that's in your brain. you haven't broken out of that bubble or and that's fine because you're supposed to be exploring that and you're supposed to be creating your own unique perspective to further understanding in those areas to educate people in a better way than schools can do. there are two paths to starting a one person business with zero experience. and first, i want you to stop thinking of business as some billion dollar company or something that. business is what you do. business is your life's work. business is the vessel to create your ideal lifestyle while impacting the world at large. money is a modern byproduct of living with purpose and passing down your teachings. it's self-actualization and self-transcendence. it is a vessel for that. i to think of it. there's mindfulness techniques and spirituality. there's zen techniques for achieving this actualization or enlightenment for me, because you're not supposed to become ideological or dogmatic about one method to achieving one specific outcome. that's not how it works. business to me is that method of doing it. it's a way of exposing myself to the world, practicing mindfulness, clarifying my thoughts with writing and putting out a meaningful message. and now we're going to bring up the experience thing or imposter syndrome here again, i want to make it clear that if you could go to your friend now and you could teach him about something that you are studying on social media or in school or it may be, you're more than experience. you're already doing this shit. you need to do it in public. the first path is skill based. this is the one that most people take where the common advice is, learn a skill, sell a skill, teach a skill, or however within that many, however you would organize those from 1 to 3. and this is great, but as i said, you don't want to end up one dimensional, you don't want to sell only one skill. that way you're automated. it's a great starting point, but you have to be working to get past that, or else you're going to be that freelancer that's making the same income built themselves into a new 9 to 5, consistently on the verge of losing every single client, then not having a backup or some form of leverage built an audience to pivot and do they want and are able to pursue their genuine curiosities that are going to change and evolve over time. a path to the one that i is development based. the development base is based around the four internal markets. the internal markets are where most people are trying to achieve lofty goals, but there are many problems in the way of those goals. then that's where the most money is made. those are the profitable burning problems that people have. the four eternal markets are health, wealth, relationships and happiness. path one, by choosing a marketable skill, usually only pays attention to wealth. but with path two, it's built for the business of you, the one person business, because you pursue your own goals, which is your brand, which we'll talk about. you solve your own problems as you are pursuing those goals by researching your curiosities that allow you to achieve those goals faster, which is the content, the information and the value that you're passing down and you create a system to help others do the same. you self-reflect and you look back, how could i have done this better? how can i, how did i do this? and what results that i have now? how can i help other people step by step in a faster way get to those results? you're advancing human evolution. you're helping people evolve in trends or actualize and transcend much faster. and that's why i said business to me is this vessel for self-actualization and even spirituality and self-transcendence. and that system, that step by step system, is your offer or your product. and that is how you be yourself, improve yourself and profit off of yourself. you may be wondering like, but but dan, i'm starting out and it's you don't have to write posts or create a product where it's like, how to make $1,000,000 in three days. you don't have to do that. you have to pay attention to where you are now, where you're going and how you're going to get there, right? where you are now, you may have made $0. and how do you position your content or your product? how do you position or what perspective are you giving about yourself? how do people perceive you? right. you can you don't write a post on how to make $1,000,000 in three days. you're right. here's how i'm going to make $1,000,000 in five years. it,, and then you give out your plan and then people follow along because you were a leader then and people follow leaders. you are positioning yourself as a leader. you are helping people achieve the goals that you were trying to achieve, and you're leaving breadcrumbs along the way. and then path three is both, both skill and development based. and this is a given because when you start and you haven't learned any skills yet, this is how you learn fast. if you're going to start on social media as your way of generating traffic, then you're going to have to learn how to design a good profile picture, how to design a good banner, how to write a compelling, compelling bio graph to learn how to write social media post. you could become a twitter ghostwriter, you could become an instagram post creator, you call it. you could become a video editor. you could be you could design banners for people. you're building skills as you grow your business. and that means you can help other people grow their business and offer a freelance service you can start monetizing close to from the start. and you're doing it in such a way that you're you're getting results for yourself. if you get results for yourself in a real world setting, rather than building out portfolio pieces and never getting paid what you deserve because you don't know how to apply your skills to someone's actual business, then you practice your skills on your own business. you build your own website, you build your own landing page. maybe you build a landing page from a for an affiliate product to see how good you are at copywriting, because then you don't even have to create the product. you build an affiliate product, build your own landing page, see how good you are at that. and then you can offer selling landing pages for 1 to $2000 to other creators. what i'm saying here? all you have to do is fucking start. now let's go over the four pillars of the one person business. for those that want to do what they want and help the people that they can help the most traditional branding, marketing, content and offer advice is not going to fit because in the case of this one person business that i'm talking about, in the next video will go over what a value creator is. it's a style of one person business. and i'm breaking these down because it takes more than one video to do. but in this case, the experience model that i'm talking about, you are your customer avatar. you are your brand, you are your niche, you are your content, you are your offer, you are everything. and self-awareness and self-reliance is going to be the greatest skill that you have. and those are the people that thrive. the most in this one person business model is those that take responsibility for their future and help others get to where they're going. to break down the one person business quickly, your goals are your brand. what do you want out of life and what are you leading people towards? and now the problems that are standing in the way of your goals turn into the content. what roadblocks will your followers encounter and how are you going to help them overcome it? and now there's a lot more that goes into content than that, but that's a great starting point, right? and systems are how you solve the problem turns into a product. how can they solve their problems faster? because that's what people want. and now the benefits. how has this entire journey impacted your life that turns into your marketing? why should they care about your message? right? why do i write every day? and how can i turn that into a persuasive argument? anyone who study marketing understands that benefits rich language is extremely powerful and persuasive. if i wake up and i write not only to earn an income, think much more clearly, systemize all of my other content. i could go on day all day long, but you can go and look at those benefits and how exactly i'm doing this on any of my landing pages. what you do, as i mentioned in a previous video on how to solve your own problems or how to find purpose by solving your own problems, is that that's exactly what you do. you pursue a goal, you solve your own problems. you teach others how you did it. and that's your business, right? and then when it comes to building out a product or a service that you can sell in relation to that, then it works out. and this is of course oversimplified. there's many, many nuances here. but if you take these foundational principles and apply them and figure out and test and experiment and do exactly what i'm telling you to do by figuring out for yourself you have unique and genuine knowledge on how to do it. it's going to take time, but that time is going to pay back tenfold. aside from you hiring someone to build your brand for you, because then you're relinquishing all potential leverage and power. all right. branding is fairly understandable. that's where you work towards a goal and that is your brand message. that's what you're helping people do. if your goal is to make $1,000,000, then your mission or your message that you can start with and iterate from is helping a thousand people make $1,000,000 by 2025, right? who wouldn't want to follow that? the next pillar content is where people have the most problems. it's like, damn, what do i write about? let me introduce you to a topic that i talk about in digital economics called the domain of mastery. what you do is you pick three interests, one that makes money, which is almost any of them. that's your priority interest, interest to excite you. and interest three is development based. psychology, self-improvement, self-development, metaphysics, philosophy, something that helps you understand the progression pattern of every single thing anyone could ever do. you can have a unique perspective on those things by applying spirituality, principles, philosophy, psychology, that stuff. and then when you look at this graph, you can break them down into the principles. what are the fundamentals? are the principles of each interest in getting results with those in relation to your goal. and then from that you can break them down into other topics, you can break them down into mentors for inspiration. the people that you follow and get your advice from and then the connections. the connections between all of them and real world problems and those are all the starting places that you can start writing or creating content around in a way that is effective and educational and valuable. pillar number three is the offer or the product that you're creating. and no, you don't have to wait to start monetizing. i hate that stupid gatekeeper mindset where people are like, oh, you need to be this experience to start making an income or you need to start doing this to start making an income. it's like, no, dude, you don't, you don't fucking understand. you're gatekeeping and you're trying to like, you're not thinking think a bit deeper, right? how do freelancers start making money? they learn the fundamentals of a skill very, quickly. they start reaching out to people immediately they can get real world free, real world feedback. next, they are they're charged free or low cost because their skill isn't up to par to charge 2 to $5000 and then they gradually work their way up step by step. and the sooner you start selling something, not only the sooner you can make money, but the sooner you can start failing and you can start iterating. the first product is always going to be shit. you need to get it out. you need to get the shit out that you can make it better because you're never, ever, ever going to have a great product the first time around. it's not going to fucking happen. put an offer out there, build a digital product, sell a physical product, the dropship. if you have to start a freelancer to start a consulting service, it may be, put out content and start getting the shit out of the faucet. clear water can flow. it's like, okay, dan, but what do i sell? let me introduce to you what i call the minimum viable offer. there's minimum viable product, but an offer is all encompassing. the minimum viable offer is either a single, a single freelance skill that you sell for five 500 to $1000. that's web design, email marketing, something that, where a single skill you're not it's not a crazy offer. you're never going to be able to charge $5,000 for that, but you have to start somewhere. or number two is a single interest consulting service where you sell a pack of four calls for 500 to $1000. this is what most people do. and most people get get caught up in this. it's there's some stupid stigma around freelancing where it's like, yeah, i have to do the work. i can't teach people about it. and it's as a creator, me, i hate paying for work. i'd rather pay you to get on a call with me and consultant on how to do a specific thing, whether it's a skill or not. if it's health, i want to be taught if you're starting an education business this, then don't do a freelance done for you service. offer consulting calls or a digital product. health coaching, fitness coaching, performance coaching, mindset coaching, life coaching, business coaching of domain or nature. and those are broad. you can go a bit more deep into the submarkets within those bodybuilding coaching or neuro neuro hacking consulting, right? it's what you're interested in. and you can only find what it is that you want to teach by diving into your domain of mastery or the crevice of reality that composes the interest you want to explore in this life. but it's not consulting, is it only limited to those? i'm surprised that digital tutoring offers aren't more of a thing. if i learn web design and i want to teach a creator over four calls how to design a great website for themselves, that's a great fucking offer, and if i was starting out, i would pay for that. it's the same thing. i'll get on calls for four weeks with you and teach you how to write compelling emails. i'll teach you how to run facebook ads. it's a consulting offer, and those are much better, much more scalable than a freelance offer. and the thing why we start with a minimum viable offer is that you can start monetizing immediately. you can start reaching out to people in the dms, you can write a twitter thread or a post and have others retweet it and then plug your service. you're getting 1000 to, if it goes viral, a million views on your offer and you start making money because it's traffic and it's offers and the other thing is why you start with this is because then you can start fleshing out a digital product and already have results for it. you can teach other people, you can get them results and you can note the commonalities between what you're talking about on each call, you package it up into a course e-book, a cohort or something of that nature that you can then switch to. and you can stop taking on much client work as your audience grows and you can switch to a digital product and have more free time. and that was a broad overview of all of this one person business stuff. i'll go a bit more in-depth in the next video, but i want to get more people primed to this whole idea because it's it's not ground shaking or revolutionary by any means, but it is important. with all of that, the video, subscribe for the next one. and if you haven't already, consider enrolling in digital economics, when this video goes out, it starts next week. only the first people that view this video will be able to get at it when it's live. but later on you can apply to the waitlist and you can also check out other stuff down there, the two hour writer course or modern mastery, which is my community and other free creative challenges, a power planner, all of that fun stuff. thank you for watching or listening and i'll see you in the next one piece. transcript ======================================== if you can spend 8 hours building someone else's dreams, you can spend one hour building your own. one of the most powerful ideas i've been thinking about recently is bringing your ideal, your future into the now. and what by that is performing the same actions that you would in your ideal lifestyle, but on a much smaller scale. let's say i want to write for 2 hours every morning for the rest of my life. then what i'm going to do, i already do that now. but what i did in the past is i am going to start writing for 5 minutes a day, 15 minutes a day, 30 minutes a day, one hour a day, and slowly increasing over the years until i can sustain the two hour a day writing lifestyle, because, frankly, it doesn't make sense to wait and put off what you're already going to be doing, because i'm assuming what you're going to be doing is going to be directly attributing to the work you are going to do or your life's work. and if you're not already doing those things, then you it's going to be much more difficult when you decide to finally start doing them. and already you're already going to have to start small and taper up. if you don't have the time now to write for 15 minutes every day, you're not going to have the time in the future if writing is going to be what you're doing for work. and the way that you dissect what actions you should be taking is what we're going to talk about soon. this whole video is dedicated to deep work and executing on the tasks that you're going to be doing. but slowly tapering up until you can do them longer. and the reason i want to write for the rest of my life is that, right? i realized my ideal future and i realized that i'm going to have to be writing anyways if i want to continue writing into the future. i also realized that writing was not the first thing, right? you have to try things and start to execute on fundamental tasks in order to understand what it is that you want. right. because at first my desires were selfish. they still are, but i knew that i had to make money somehow in order to sustain or build a future lifestyle for myself and with that, i started on social media. before that i did freelancing and other things. and through that trial and error and realizing, okay, i don't client work, i don't care for web design anymore. i did at the time, but i outgrew it. and now i'm getting into this writing thing and i'm learning all about it and i love it, right? and i would have never stumbled on that unless i had already been working towards my ideal future. whether it be you start writing for 15 minutes every single morning or you start working on the things that will bring you closer to your ideal future, that way you can figure out what you don't want and allow that to act as a self corrective compass into figuring out what you do want. and then once you find that that's the best place to be, right, then you can execute, execute, execute until you can make it further apart of your day because it becomes seamless at that point. right. when i came across writing and understood that it is the foundation of all media and it is how i get my products and services in front of people and build a name for myself. i also realized that it helps me clear my mind. it helps me harness my creative ability. i started stacking wise behind this one action that when i woke up it was almost automatic that i got straight into writing. the next thing is that when you bring your actions from your ideal future or the things that are going to actualize your ideal future into the now and start executing on them, you begin to invest mental energy in a goal through focus on that goal. you are investing energy in that ideal lifestyle that you were trying to create. and the more you do this, whether it be 15 minutes a day or an hour in a day or 4 hours a day, you're investing energy or currency in a metaphorical sense here. and the more you do it, the more you feel obligated to do it. that's how you build momentum and that's how you find passion. you don't find an action that you're super passionate about. instead, you start investing mental energy into a goal. you do the actions that are required to get to that goal, and then you cultivate passion along the way because you discover things that you wouldn't have discovered without that direct experience. and when you don't work on this goal, you will feel as if you are wasting that currency, you're wasting that investment. and then again, your body and your mind are going to tell you, hey, i need to get back to doing this goal. i can't get distracted or else i'm not going to feel the progress, the momentum, the passion that i felt before. and that's how you sustain a passionate, fulfilling and momentum full life. and another thing that comes into play here is my lore of conceptual survival. conceptual survival is the human phenomenon where our survival instincts have transcended the physical realm and are included in the mental. we work to survive ideas, concepts and beliefs that form our sense of self. if you identify or you create this goal that starts to form your perspective and how you view the world and start acting in alignment with it and investing mental energy into that goal or your future identity, you start to slowly build that identity, right? and by conceptual survival, we are trying to survive our concept of self, and our actions are going to align with that. the more that we do these things, the more that you are consistent with the deeper work that we are going to talk about here. and with this, when you view your daily situations from the lens of your future self or from the lens of the goal that you are working towards, you are going to see life in a completely different light, right? you're going to be scrolling on social media and a post that you normally wouldn't have stopped and looked at is going to stop your scroll and it is going to help you in the actualization of that goal. a fitness post is going to grab your attention more than some mindless, cheap entertainment post. and the same goes with conversations you're going to listen from the lens of your goal and be able to filter what they say from that you can spot the things that help you move towards that goal. the main lesson here to end this little section of the video is that if you aren't working towards your ideal future, you're working towards someone else's, because either way we are goal oriented creatures and if you do not create your own goal and start to invest energy in that identity, you're going to invest energy into the identity that is assigned to you. being a college student or having a corporate job title or being a retired at 65 years old dude and your actions are going to follow to survive that belief, whether you are conscious or want to frame it as this whole conceptual survival thing or not. and next we're going to talk about the holistic daily routine. fill your brain in the afternoons with books, learning and socialization. empty your brain before bed with journaling, planning and meditation. use your brain in the morning with creation, output and focus. you need dedicated time every single day for creativity, productivity and experimentation. that is what's going to help you achieve your goals because you need the mixture. it can't only be productivity without experimentation and being able to refine along the way, or you're executing on tasks that have been laid in front of you. and the first objection that comes to mind here is that you don't have enough time. dan i don't have enough time, and that's fine. i'm not asking you to spend 4 hours a day on this or 6 hours a day or 8 hours a day. i'm asking you to spend the minimum amount of time you can, because if you don't, then you aren't creating your future life. if you aren't dedicating time and blocking out and focusing for that time in order to move levers towards your ideal future, then you're not going to create it. it's that simple and you don't. you shouldn't feel you need to. 3 hours at the start of your journey, a young dude who has no responsibilities. if you have a wife and kids, then yeah, you're going to have to start with 15 to 30 minutes and work up from there and it's going to take a bit longer because that's the thing. a lot of people don't realize this or notice this is that your psyche isn't wired for modern life, right? it's not wired for being under fluorescent lights, going in, sitting in a cubicle. right. think of it a monkey in a cubicle. i know you're not a monkey, but a monkey would suffer in a cubicle because it's psyche is not wired for that. we need to hunt. and in this age, what by hunting is novel dopamine. sources or meaningful dopamine sources or importance. something new in your life. discoveries, creativity. that's what hunting is, is being able to find something new. take it, create something with it. and that feels good. and many people don't have that benefit in their life. if modern life has become normal to you, the repetitive npc automaton, lifestyle denoting automaton is a little robotic doll thing. that's what most people are. if this modern life becomes normal to you, you are by definition trapped in the matrix, which is a metaphorical term for you are enslaved and a slave to routine. and many of you are familiar with how i structure my days. i will keep this brief. you need three activities to pursue your goals. full force, one that fills your mind. you need education, ideas, and novel resources. you can apply towards your goals. this will lead to intrinsic motivation, one that empties your mind. you don't want to be trapped in a chaotic bubble of thoughts and useful ideas. that's exactly how you make zero progress. write things down and one that uses your mind. you need a vessel to focus your efforts with your ideas and the clarity to execute build your future. this video is going to be focused on that last point using your mind with deep work. now, i've talked about that entire process before in my previous video, the three step productivity framework. it's about the fill empty use framework. check that out if you're interested, who you are, what you think, feel and do. what you love is the sum of what you focus on. cal newport now we're going to talk about the need for deep work. cal newport is the author of the book deep work. i have it somewhere out in my living room. i've never read it, but i have been doing my own version of deep work for the past ten years. really? i'd say price six years. actually. productivity is about getting the most effective work done in the least amount of time possible. productivity is not about seeing who can work the longest and then where that as a badge of honor that they can show their friends, coworkers and peers. that's a status game. in a world of notifications, ample options and overwhelm deep work is frankly no longer an option. it is a necessity. you have to block out time to work on your future or to work on your business, or to avoid conversation, notification or distractions as a whole. need to sit back. you need to channel the creative firepower that you've gained through your consumption or your education or your skill acquisition. and you need to focus that into a vessel, a business to act, to reap the benefits from that business in the form of money, connections and resources in general, and then be able to have that as currency that you can trade up towards a better life for yourself. deep work is how you build out your dreams in record time. now we're going to talk about the priority ladder. and with this, with the priority ladder, you can drastically change your life in six months with one hour a day of focused work. one hour, that's it. do not think that you need anything more than one hour, one meaningful project, one day at a time. with the priority ladder, it's pretty. it's that it's a priority ladder where there's priority one, two, three and four and they are all not only decreasing in challenge but also increasing in the amount of distraction potential that there is. right. priority one is absolute laser focused on building out your vision with through a project. and then priority four is something maintenance tasks where you are responding to emails, responding to messages and doing other things that, where you are more open to potentially being distracted because there's nothing after that, right? there's no creative work that you have to do. we will start with priority one now, priority one, this is this much built my entire life, right? for as long as i can remember, even into my younger years, i always had one project that i was working on close to first thing in the morning. now it's always first thing in the morning. now i'm writing my book because that is a new project, right? it is not something that i have to consistently work on now. it's not something that i have to maintain or update always. it's something new. and that's what the first priority should be, right? if you have not built anything and you only have one hour a day to spare, this is the one hour time block that you use. this is where you're focusing your efforts on the levers that are going to lead to creating your vision for the future. and then once that is done for beginners, it's probably going to be something starting a social media brand, learning how to write with my to a writer or digital economics course. and then as you break through the perception threshold that we talked about in a previous video, where it's difficult at the beginning but slowly becomes more pleasurable with time, where it's going to be difficult and your mind is going to perceive it as more difficult than it's going to be. and that perceived this difficulty is going to increase. and you until you hit that breakthrough, right. and then you're able to systemize things and then it flows a lot smoother and then you can fit much more into that hour, right. your first hour of focused work isn't going to be that focused. you have to stick it out and refine your system with time. and then once you start seeing results from that first hour of work, then you move that into the second priority time blocks you can start working on something new, right? then when we move into priority two, that's where your lever moving tasks go. in this case, for me, it's replying on social media or creating content, mostly creating content because that's how i feed my system, right? and it's creative work. it's something that i do not want to outsource. and then what people before, when you move that up to the second priority, you're going to start something new in priority one, because that is what's going to keep meaningful dopamine flowing and that is what's going to maintain momentum along this path until you systemize that and then you bump it up another priority, right? for the the next thing that most people should do after starting a social media brand and once they start seeing results with that and it becomes a lot more efficient for them to keep up with that, then you're going to start building a service or a product that you can monetize. and then once that's done, you move that up and start reaching out to people, but then you can start building out a funnel or something else. and then all of these things slowly build on each other over time, the third time block is also for lever moving tasks or creative tasks or meaningful tasks, right? the things that you don't want to outsource, i will never outsource my writing. at least i hope i won't. maybe i will. but in terms of writing in my day, i'm not going to outsource it as a whole. the third time block is to continue keeping the momentum going on. you're building. and all of this can also apply to a corporate job or any work that you have. you have to structure your days with this method. and the fourth time block or the priority for is for maintenance tasks. and for me, that's checking messages, responding to messages, checking emails, responding to emails, checking the modern mastery community and interacting there. this is where i expose myself to people, right? it sounds weird to say it that way, but if you expose yourself to messages or your phone or notifications that way too early in the morning, that one rogue thought that you get from it that you think isn't of importance when you first see it, like, oh, i can touch my phone in the morning and work fine. no, you can't. it's going to pop up. and then that alone is going to split your focus and then that opens up room for entropy, where your mind starts going to all these different thoughts without you knowing it. that's the thing. you probably think it's normal now for you to do that, and you think that you're doing the best, most efficient work you are, but you're not. you push back all of the conversational and maintenance tasks to the fourth priority. and now with all of these, i to structure these anywhere from 45 to 90 minutes long time blocks for priority one, two, three and four each. and then in between, i'll take a break or make breakfast or make lunch or go on a 30 to 40 minute walk and listen to something in my ears, usually closer to the last ones. but in a nutshell, that's it. there's no reason for me to go over exactly all every little hack that i do, because the entire joy of all of this comes through experimentation and creating a way that you doing and testing different techniques. that's a technique that i'm giving you that you can test and then you can pull some of the good things from it, put it into your own day and slowly refine that over time until you live a completely self-made lifestyle, if you will. if you enjoyed this process, first i encourage you to implement it. second, i encourage you to and subscribe and comment comment. if anything stuck out to you or what you're going to implement. because i'm curious to hear which parts stuck out the most there. and then third, check out the products to our writer digital economics modern mastery community that you can join for five bucks links in the description along with some other free my power planner, which also helps with productivity. and then some other cool resources down there. check those out. and with that, have a great rest of your day piece. transcript ======================================== personal brands are no longer personal. what used to be a beacon of hope for those that wanted more out of life, the personal brand or becoming a creator was that thing. as the creator economy started to emerge, more and more people wanted to become actual creators because they saw that it was a way to do what they want. and with the power of the internet, more people could do that. a personal brand or a creator was this thing that allowed you to go path you want and embrace your curiosity and display your skill, set your interests, and attract people you that wanted to support your work. it was a way to take your current skill set, put it online and remove all of the limitations that the traditional path and job market allow for. that's what we're here to talk about, because the personal brand and being a creator has strayed far from what its original path was. now, when i was a teenager, i was deep into fitness, and i remember watching a few small creators online when youtube was first gaining popularity. and i would consider this the golden age of the creator economy. it was a peak in authenticity, where people were picking up cameras to share their passions and teach what they've been learning. people matt mogus, chris lovato and other people in the fitness industry at the time come to mind when of this, and the thing here is the power behind this is that those individuals had such a strong influence and impact on the direction of my life. i was this kid who came home from school and played video games all day and cooked frozen burritos at night and chugged five doctor peppers, and then woke up early i could maintain my rank in halo three that my other friend didn't pass me. i was a kid with massive ambitions, but didn't have the knowledge or even the awareness of how to make those ambitions a reality. i knew that i wanted something more, but the only thing that i knew at the time was that i wanted to become an anesthesiologist, because it paid a lot, right? i was told my entire life, you need to go to college, you need to go to college. and that was what was on my mind. that's what framed my perception. and every piece of information that i soaked in everything at school and everything i did was directed toward going to college and becoming an anesthesiologist. i my search history for a week was looking at different universities, checking out their majors, and then searching for the top paying degrees that i could potentially go into because i didn't want to spend 8 to 12 years becoming an anesthesiologist. i can't thank those creators enough for changing the direction of my life. and i hope that i can be that person. for a lot of people, i would say that's one of my driving forces behind creating these videos. and with this video, i've re sparked my desire to at least help create what you would call a second renaissance of these creators. and not that i want to be the guiding light of them. i want to be a role model and share my passions and the things that i'm learning throughout life, and hopefully that changes the direction of some of your lives. my lesson for you, if you want to join me on this path, is to create the content you want to see in the world, and build the product you want to see in the world. all of the other skills come secondary all of the marketing, the sales, the writing, all of those things come under that vision. they help actualize it, but they are not the driving force. because, people are starving for this. they're starving for depth on the internet. they think it's filled with toxicity and memes and all of these things that don't matter, but they can't pull themselves away from it. social media has drastically changed my life and how much i've been able to learn and do, because it's a library of value and information, allowing you to learn and do almost anything that you want. that's what we're going to learn in this video. it's not how to become a personal brand, but how to stand out with unique ideas and create your life's work. because today we have influencers, creators, and personal brands. these are concepts that have begun to carry a negative connotation with them. in the eyes of the public, there isn't a difference between them. they're people that post content online and they're all relatively similar. but when you hear the word influencer, personal brand creator, a part of you dies. if we want to avoid these things, first we need to understand them. we need to create these concepts that we can move in a different direction, or at least use them as some frame to shape our decision making. the first one influencers the defining characteristic of an influencer. from what i've observed, is that they don't sell a product of inherent value. they garner attention with looks and gimmicks to pitch often destructive products to the underdeveloped masses. they don't educate, entertain, or inspire towards solving a real problem in people's lives. no, we don't need more lunch, liz or mr. beast bars that are contributing to making the population obese and sick. we're at this critical turning point in history where attention spans are decreasing. processed food is handed out candy, and the role models who have the most attention are not attempting to do anything about it. now, i'm not saying that they should. i'm not one to tell them what to do. i'm one to say that if we want to change it, we also have to garner attention. and we have to become the people that try to lead in a positive direction by doing something purposeful and fulfilling. now with all of this, don't get me wrong here, that i don't think selling a product is bad. it's the only way out of selling the product for someone else, aka working a job. and of course, jobs aren't bad either. they're steppingstones. the point is that work is a necessary part of life, and money is a tool that has allowed us to transcend our survival. but, at least try to have a shred of positive impact. now let's talk about creators. i personally love creators, and i would consider myself a creator at times. but most people are content creators. they're not reality creators. most people have a myopic view of the word creator. they don't see it as the literal word creator that holds much depth and meaning. they see it as, oh, i need to post content today or else i'm not going to get engagement and then i'm not going to make sales and they're stuck in survival mode. they start out with good intentions, but then they quickly become slaves to content templates, and they can't have a single critical thought or original idea that allows them to stand out. they don't have ideas worth copying. they're the ones that do the copy. they see social media in the algorithm as some formulaic thing that you need to study and dissect and understand. and while that's true to an extent, you're missing the depth behind it. you're missing that all of that is shaped by human nature and by diving a bit deeper. not only can you understand it more and get better results, but you open up this world of depth that allows you to find meaning in what most people see as superficial. and that's true for many areas of life. the other things that they do are common under large accounts, not because they the ideas of the large accounts, but because they want to get the people that are following the large accounts to follow them. now, of course, again, these things aren't bad. i'm saying for almost everything we're talking about, we're missing the other half of the perspective. we're missing the meaningful part of the perspective here. the same thing goes with engagement groups. engagement groups have become the the weird child of the creator economy that people think are bad things to do. but then when you zoom out and think about it, when you were in school, you worked with your friends on your homework, you strategized with each other to achieve a goal. when you're in business, you find business partners to work with. you reach out to your network and you get advice when you don't have it. you help each other grow your own businesses or projects. and that's what quote unquote engagement group is. it's going into a call of duty lobby and then arguing against the other tribe and helping your team do better and communicating with each other. it doesn't have to be this shallow engagement group type thing. it has to be. and this is a requirement for your success, not only online but in any area of your life, is to make friends that you work with to grow it is that you're doing. the lone wolf mentality doesn't work in a social setting. what sucks about this, to an extent, is that i'm partially to blame for contributing to this. because i teach social media, i teach writing, i teach how to capture attention. but i do feel i'm rather explicit and nuanced with how to go about these things and bringing this meaningful perspective to them. my challenge for you is not to write these things off, but to try to find the depth behind not only my teachings, but other people's teachings, especially other people's teachings, or especially on short form social media. now that twitter and instagram and reels and tiktoks are taking off, you have to understand that by time and character limitation constraints, it's going to be shallow. if you are going on top of funnel social media, you have to be able to think with depth, not them. and as we'll talk about in another video, in in this video long form is how you stand out. long form is how you make a change. long form is how you stop relying on social media algorithms for the security of your future, and you start owning your audience in something an email list. but we'll talk about all of those things later. now let's touch on the last one of personal brands. there's influencers, creators, personal brands. personal brands seem to be an archetype that are simply obsessed with making money and don't care about anything other than that they become glorified search engines. by choosing and sticking to a niche and their followers churn. they don't grow in audience because they're focused on the high performing topics, or the same topics over and over again that funnel people to their email list or their product or their funnel and they say online doesn't matter, as long as that funnel is growing and as long as they're making money, it's a constant. they're this, the vessel, this empty vessel for people to run through and get put into a product and there's no depth behind it. before we move on, of course, this isn't necessarily bad, but the question to ask yourself is, are you helping people do something that matters? because in order to do that, you can't stagnate. you must personally continuously improve and evolve, because if you understand entropy, you understand that by stagnating or doing nothing or staying the same, that you aren't doing any of those things, you are declining into chaos. you are unraveling in that thing isn't going to last long. you're going to be a flash in the pan. sas, most people are building now. but again, nothing wrong with that. temple run and flappy bird were great games on your phone. it's good quick pump and dumb cash. but is that what you're here for? let's talk about the opposite. let's talk about the vision. where do we want to take this whole creator thing? what do we want to be? what is the path to doing what you want and having a fulfilling line of work? don't be a youtube creator. don't be a personal brand. don't be an influencer. be you. but in a place where your work can be discovered, followed, and supported now and for the foreseeable future. that's on the internet. the internet is a tool. social media is a tool. software is a tool. if you think these things are toxic and negative, that's a direct reflection of yourself. algorithms show you more of what you pay attention to. social media for the people is the singular thing that will change their life. if you believe it's toxic, you close yourself off to that reality and you can't help but wonder why your life is toxic, in a nutshell, where we want to go with this is the ultimate goal of getting paid to be yourself. these new forms of technology, everything coming up. i social media in general, the internet in general, are tools to help and display your work, your art and your experience that others can benefit from it. as an example, jordan peterson isn't a content creator. he isn't an influencer. he isn't a personal brand. that's not his title. that's not his role. that's not his identity. he goes on tours, he writes books, he leverages social media as a base. he uses all of the tools at his disposal to further his life's work. he isn't worried about the latest content idea trend because his mind outperforms any of those. the quality of his ideas and his critical thought is what sets him apart. and this is regardless of your opinion on peterson's highs and lows over the years. that's true. you didn't start on this path to become a quote unquote personal brand on the internet. you started because you wanted freedom, autonomy, meaningful income, the ability to write, speak, and create about the interests that spark a fire in your soul. i'm not proposing that you quit because social media has become what it has. that only means it's easier than ever to stand out. even if you feel you're late. i'm proposing that you aim higher because i personally don't see social media as this shallow place, with online business models galore and cheap advice. i see it as a new way of life. as i've illustrated many times before in previous videos, you're already online most of the day. you're already here. why not change your perspective of it and change what you're doing that it benefits you? the problem is that you don't know what value you provide, how to stand out, and how to shift focus with the time you're already spending on the internet. to make your creative work a success, you have knowledge and skill that other people can benefit from. that's not a false statement you do. you could help another person now. that's all you need now, by the way, in terms of creating your life's work or doing all of this stuff, or seeing the creator economy in a different life, or building a one person business, i would check out my course digital economics link is in the description for that. the question now is how do you pursue your life's work on the internet? if you understand the levels of purpose that we talked about in the last video, the brutal truth about money, you understand that your life's work at some point in the job to career, to calling evolution, will require you to start a business. now, if thinking of a business or a one person business as independent work helps you swallow that pill, then please do that. when i mention things internet in business and these things that may cause you to close your mind off because you haven't been exposed to the information that shows you what those things are. that's when you should think about it more critically and try to see the depth behind those things. is the internet this shallow thing that you open on your phone and get distracted in all day? no, the first thing you need to create your life's work is a positive aim for your life. because here's the thing you don't need to know what your life's work is now. and realistically, your life's work isn't something you maintain 100% clarity on. at times, it's crystal clear, but this is often hopeful delusion, which isn't bad, but necessary for intense bursts of progress at others. you have no idea what you're doing, but you're still moving toward a positive aim. your life's work isn't a static sentence that you can articulate to others, as that's impossible. your life's work is in the unknown, and by nature of the unknown, it's unknown. if it were known you fell off your path. to find security in someone else's. you create your life's work through experimentation and evolution. your brand content and products won't stay the same. they will change as you discover new goals for yourself. but you won't discover those goals unless you start and pursue your current ones. if you aren't sure on how to orient yourself in a positive direction, deeply understand what you don't want in life. an anti vision that brings clarity to your vision. is it a job you despise? then your aim is to create more enjoyable work and learn everything necessary to achieve that. anything else is a distraction. is it being overweight and unconfident? then your aim is the opposite of that. get mad at yourself. two quotes that explain this well. is that what you don't hate? you tolerate by malcolm x? and no tree can grow to heaven unless its roots reach down to hell from carl jung. the first thing you need is a positive aim for your life. the second thing you need is a way to attract an audience. now, the thing here is that the term followers has lost its punch, and we're going to talk about this in a future video about how followers don't matter anymore, because it all the time. someone can go viral on tiktok, make $1 million, and then continue to repeat that. and they only have 500 followers. in terms of followers, i prefer the term readers. but since not everyone identifies as a writer, let's call it an audience, because that's the first principle of business. you need people in order to pay you for what you do in your business, the value you provide. if you don't have an audience, you don't have the business. now, there are a few beautiful things about the internet itself. first is how far your work spreads is a skill that can be learned and practiced, not luck. second is, there are people who relate to your vision and aim for your future, meaning you can attract people to the things you talk about. and the third thing is that it's free, accessible, and the majority of the population has access to it. if you're trying to attract people to your work, and one of your first options isn't a free and accessible platform on the internet, then you're doing something wrong. unless exactly what you're doing. that's this video isn't for you if you know exactly what you're doing. i'm personally of the belief that social media was created from a deeper desire for human connection, sharing your knowledge and solving problems at scale. and now that it's here, and because of shallow human distractions taking over, not too many people see it as that. they don't see it as a vessel to pursue their life's work. you're telling me you have indirect access to nearly everyone in the world, and you don't think any of them can benefit from what you have to offer? yes, it takes development and skill acquisition, but once you truly see the potential for everyone to have a business in this global decentralized economy, it's hard to pursue any other path. and as nouvel said, there are almost 7 billion people on this planet. someday, i hope there will be almost 7 billion companies. now, of course, this is speculation for the future, but it seems to be the way things are going. and you can also have a company, small business and work a job or do what you currently do, or it may be. we don't know if we're going to end up in a world with ubi, but even then you're still going to want to work because it's a natural part of life. the only option then is to finally pursue your passions. what i'm trying to encourage you to do now, the point here is that the internet is how you attract an audience to your life's work. an audience large or small, with small being enough to make more than enough money to be fulfilled, is not optional, because you aren't working for a company that attracts the audience for you, that you play this specific role that you were hired for, and that you can be replaced for the audience doesn't have to come from social media, but it's going to come from media paid ads or podcast sponsorships or it may be. social media is the free and readily accessible route that should form the foundation of all the other things, because you can test content on social media before you decide to blow money on ads with it. you have a positive aim for your life. you're improving, you're developing, you're gaining value. then you're to attracting an audience to that value. now, the third thing you need is a project turned into a product. projects are how you achieve the goals in your life. projects are how you build a solution to a problem. projects are how you guide experimentation, education, and skill acquisition. profitable products provide a transformation. they solve a problem to help you get closer toward a goal i talk about in mental monetization. if you aren't building a project every single day that pushes you towards your vision for the future, you are playing a losing game in your attention automatically gets drawn to the projects of others you can make money and survive. build more projects. it can be a program that helps you get in shape. it can be a planner that helps you stay productive. it can be a cortex or a notion system that helps you write content, take notes, track progress almost anything. and either way, templates are always beneficial to include in some a product. if you want to include a template or a worksheet or it may be, consider using cortex, especially when we eventually offer an affiliate program. and it's a free app. it's free for life unless you have a team or other things. the point here is that if you attract an audience with a similar personality and a similar vision for the future as you aka you are the niche, then the projects that you build for yourself to achieve your own goals can easily be turned into products that other people pay for. that's how you productize yourself. the second point is that if you're using other people's solutions throughout your life and not experimenting with your own, or creating your own, a fitness program or a meditation program or a writing system or it may be, you need to start experimenting with your own way that you can pass down better ways to do things. and that's how things improve. we're not creating products to completely solve the problems in people's lives, because that's not on us. that's on the person that has the problem. it's up to them. if they want to solve the problem, we're simply giving things to people to experiment with to make that process more efficient. over time, we're gradually increasing the efficiency that comes from evolution and helping control you towards that. you have a positive direction. you're making progress. you're becoming valuable. you have an audience that you're attracting, you have a product, you have a way to make money. the fourth thing you need is experimentation, iteration and persistence because throughout this entire journey, you never land on the one specific thing. i've launched ten products, ten free downloads. i've had a few hundred youtube videos, 50,000 plus tweets. 1200 instagram posts. i've done thousands upon thousands of iterations on my content. you don't post one tweet and they get famous. you make one product and then get rich. the first thing of anything that you do is going to suck. and the longer you delay that, the longer you're delaying creating something good. the most powerful mindset you could adopt here is to put the thing out, publish the thing, get the feedback, and then improve. once you publish the thing, your journey isn't done. that's the start of the journey. okay, we understand big picture how to pursue your life's work now as a personal brand or creator, or these things that we talked about that have lost their punch and lost their direction. we need to learn how to set ourselves apart. we need to learn how to not become those things. in essence, we need to learn to be ourselves, but in a structured way that it makes sense to people. because you can go and be yourself when you're talking to someone else, but they may not it. you need to learn how to be creative and constrain things. creativity is in the constraints. creativity isn't freedom in chaos. it's the limitations that you impose to create that art. to start with this, the four pillars of creative work are brand, content, product and promotion. these are the things that are shaping how you distribute your value to the world. these are the boundaries in which you can start to get creative, because most people focus on the skill and then they have no idea how to monetize it, they become a starving artist. the second problem is that most people don't know how to stand out. they start, they buy a few courses, and then they never branch out of what the courses teach. the courses aren't meant to be your mind. they aren't meant to take over. they aren't meant to be an ideology or dogma that you stick to. they're supposed to help you reach a certain stepping stone, a job. and if you become a slave to the teachings from a course or a video that you learn, it's the same. you're you're not out of the matrix. you put yourself in a new matrix. the first one, brand. brand is an environment to stop thinking about your brand as your social media profile picture or your banner, or your bio, or the designs of your website. it's everything. it's the world that your readers are coming into with you. brand is an environment where people come to transfer form. you attract people to a vision for the future. you help people move away from an anti vision. you illustrate your worldview, story and philosophy for life across every single touchpoint. your banner, profile, picture, bio link in bio, landing page design, pinned content, posts, threads, newsletters, videos and the rest. brand isn't illustrated away when the person visits your profile. brand is the accumulation of ideas in your reader's mind. after 3 to 6 months of following, you have some self-awareness. when you follow someone else, you're like, interesting. okay, i'm going to follow. and then you start to get their content. you start to form an opinion about them. you start to identify with certain things that they say, and then you can decide, am i in alignment with this person's goals? should i continue following them or am i not? and are they ruining my life? when you're thinking of ideas or creating content or building products, it may be, you have to filter that through your brand vision. people will buy from you even if you have the same products at a higher price point as your competitor. that was brand. it's abstract, it's out there, but you have to understand that brand is created as you do things, as you launch products, as you write content, it's not your static. when people look at your profile, that's not what your brand is. your brand is the little digital house that you are inviting people in, and the rooms are your content and everything that. your profile picture and your banner or the door of the house. the second thing that we need to understand is content. how do we write good content that stands out? because content you need that to build an audience. even if you're doing paid ads, you need to write the content. even if you're creating a youtube video, you need to write the content of the script. if you want to learn how to write any of those things, consider joining the writer's bootcamp that starts october 28th. for cortex, people don't follow information. they follow perspectives. ten people can talk about the same old topics, but one of them can say it in such a way that brings an entirely new meaning to it. perspectives are infinite. sometimes it's not about coming up with a completely different idea. sometimes it's about talking about the same idea, but from a deeper lens. this is what i've done with my youtube videos, and that's a driving part of my success, is that i take these ideas that perform well, that seem shallow on the surface, but i know there's something deeper. and then i write to dissect that, and i form a deeper philosophy around that. and that's what people have told me they like. they that my content leans more toward the depth. if you want to stand out, find ideas that are already working. save ideas from books, social media, podcasts and videos, then turn them into an original idea by changing the perspective. but how do you change the perspective for knowledge, work and creative work and doing all of this stuff? you need to learn how to think within impact. along with cortex, the second brain software, note taking writing software that we built, we have created this system called core notes. now this is nothing new. if you've taken my seven days to genius ideas free course, that won't be a thing anymore. you have to take the second brain course for free inside of the cortex community. but over 70,000 people have learned this system, and it helps them turn any idea into their own original deep idea. this is a note taking system for writers, creators, and marketers, not people who want to save the same information that they read. they want to transform the ideas into their own creative firepower that can be used as legos for content they create, albeit a newsletter or it is. here's what you do. you don't need to use cortex. it's free and there's templates, but you don't need to. you need to learn how to think this. the first thing you do is you have an idea. this can be from conversation. this can be from the video you watch. pull something from this pulled the death of the personal brand as an idea. paul brand is an environment or content is novel perspectives or how to think with impact. take any idea and now you're going to pick 3 to 4 of the following things and flesh that idea out with these. the first thing is problem. illustrate a problem associated with the idea and how it impacts people's lives. second is goal. write out desirable goals people want to achieve to overcome the problem. third is example a personal experience or tangible example to help people understand and ground the idea. the fourth is benefit. the benefits of overcoming the problem in achieving the goal. the fifth is process, a step by step process for overcoming the problem in achieving the goal. and the sixth is concept. a word or name that helps make sense of everything above. take an idea. fill out 3 to 4 of those things. write it down now and you'll see how much more powerful it is for thinking in that way. i almost always start anything about with a problem. if i have an idea, i immediately think, what's the problem related to that? and that leads to much good content ideas, because problem is the inception of goal. that's how you frame someone's mind. that's how you capture attention. that's how you show whether or not the idea is valuable from the start. when people are receptive to an idea, they understand the problem. when you watch a video this, usually start with the problem because it qualifies whether or not the video is for them they can stay or they can leave. if you understand persuasion or content or marketing, you understand how powerful this thinking system can be. and if you do this with multiple ideas and you start to connect them together, you're like, holy crap, i know much more than i thought i did, and i finally feel i can write about this stuff articulately. if you want to see examples of those, i have the core notes template in an example in the description. another thing with this is that one of my most popular youtube videos that led to 200,000 subscribers in a few months was the one person business model. how to productize yourself. the one person business is a concept from the core notes. how to productize yourself is a process from the core notes. in order to create my content, i pull from those blocks. it's like, okay, one person business sounds cool. how to productize yourself? put them together in a title. fill out the content of the video with the notes. now you don't you can write one sentence for each of those things problem, goal, benefits, example, process, concept. but of course it helps to continue expanding on it. these notes aren't done once you're done with them, you're meant to capture more ideas into them and fleshed them out deeper and make more connections. and then once you have them, you string them together into your writing. or you take individual elements and turn them into, social media posts. we've talked about brand, we've talked about content, both of those. i have other videos on if you want to go more in detail with them the next is how to think, which is how you write content in and of itself. and now the next thing we need to understand is that education is the new marketing. you can't write or sell you want because you don't understand how becoming interested in something works. people aren't born interested in something. they're slowly exposed to ideas from beginner to advanced, until they become interested in that thing. first, they're exposed to why they should care about the thing. second, they're exposed to how a pain point or problem is affecting their life. third, they're exposed to a solution or goal that creates a desire to change. in other words, people don't find your topics or your writing or your content interesting because you don't use the core note system that we used earlier. you don't talk in problems, goals, examples, benefits, processes, and concepts. when you start talking about a new topic, establish interest by writing content about why it's important to your brand vision. making people aware of pain points in their lives. giving actionable steps to overcome those pain points. create a free guide that goes over all of the above. turn parts of that guide into posts, threads, newsletters, videos, etc. your job isn't to find a niche set of customers on something social media, where most of your content is being shared to random people who don't care about you. your job is to create customers with content, education and brand awareness. that's what a lot of people don't understand, is that you're being spread to random people on the internet. having a niche isn't going to help you much aside from picking a few people up from that. what if i pick up more people by talking a bit more broadly, and then educate them into a niche? now, the last thing we need to understand is that systems are the new products, we understand a brand, we understand content, how to attract traffic, we understand marketing, how to market a product. and now systems are the new product. we need to understand how to create a product that people want at this point in time. we're in the systems economy. people don't want a solution to their problems. they want your solution to their problems. there are tons of writing products out there, but what makes something two hour writer special? it's a system that i created through experience. it is novel and original, and sure, it's pulled and learn from other people's teachings, but the way that i created it through my own experience is what sets it apart. it doesn't teach a bunch of academic writing nonsense that didn't help me at all. i'm not including things that didn't help me in my journey, because i had a few problems when i started writing. first is i had trouble having an endless source of content ideas, and then second, i didn't want to waste a ton of time creating content for all platforms, i had to start experimenting with my own system. my goal for the system was clear write all of the content i need to in under two hours a day. that way my audience growth is handled and i can focus on building better products and enjoying life. that's the first step to creating a system is having an extremely clear goal. what is the desired outcome? in what time frame? what's the problem you're solving? i started testing solutions to have more content ideas. i created swipe file steps to generate ideas and templates. if i still couldn't think of anything, i mapped out exactly what i was going to attempt to write each week three posts a day, one thread a week, and one newsletter a week. during that process, i realized i could cross post my writing to all social platforms. this is a public thing. you can see it happening before your eyes. i do it every single day. i also realized that threads could be turned into carousels, and newsletters could be turned into youtube videos. the system didn't flow. i would try new things the next week. from there, i realized i could copy paste my newsletter to my blog, embed the youtube video in that blog, promote my products in that blog, and turn that blog into more content ideas. then i could link that blog under my content each day. this led to more newsletter subscribers, youtube subscribers, and product sales. i realized that if everything i did was newsletter centric, that's all i had to worry about for both growing my audience and promoting my products. that's how you stand out in a world of copy paste products, brands and content. yes, it takes time and experience, but now that you have the awareness, you can start to work towards it. you may not escape what we talked about earlier about influencers, personal brands, creators, etc. but you have something to work towards. that's what you do. this doesn't change in an instant. that's it for this video. thank you for watching. subscribe links in the description. check that stuff out by. transcript ======================================== if you can spend 8 hours building someone else's dreams, you can spend one hour building your own. one of the most powerful ideas i've been thinking about recently is bringing your ideal, your future into the now. and what by that is performing the same actions that you would in your ideal lifestyle, but on a much smaller scale. let's say i want to write for 2 hours every morning for the rest of my life. then what i'm going to do, i already do that now. but what i did in the past is i am going to start writing for 5 minutes a day, 15 minutes a day, 30 minutes a day, one hour a day, and slowly increasing over the years until i can sustain the two hour a day writing lifestyle, because, frankly, it doesn't make sense to wait and put off what you're already going to be doing, because i'm assuming what you're going to be doing is going to be directly attributing to the work you are going to do or your life's work. and if you're not already doing those things, then you it's going to be much more difficult when you decide to finally start doing them. and already you're already going to have to start small and taper up. if you don't have the time now to write for 15 minutes every day, you're not going to have the time in the future if writing is going to be what you're doing for work. and the way that you dissect what actions you should be taking is what we're going to talk about soon. this whole video is dedicated to deep work and executing on the tasks that you're going to be doing. but slowly tapering up until you can do them longer. and the reason i want to write for the rest of my life is that, right? i realized my ideal future and i realized that i'm going to have to be writing anyways if i want to continue writing into the future. i also realized that writing was not the first thing, right? you have to try things and start to execute on fundamental tasks in order to understand what it is that you want. right. because at first my desires were selfish. they still are, but i knew that i had to make money somehow in order to sustain or build a future lifestyle for myself and with that, i started on social media. before that i did freelancing and other things. and through that trial and error and realizing, okay, i don't client work, i don't care for web design anymore. i did at the time, but i outgrew it. and now i'm getting into this writing thing and i'm learning all about it and i love it, right? and i would have never stumbled on that unless i had already been working towards my ideal future. whether it be you start writing for 15 minutes every single morning or you start working on the things that will bring you closer to your ideal future, that way you can figure out what you don't want and allow that to act as a self corrective compass into figuring out what you do want. and then once you find that that's the best place to be, right, then you can execute, execute, execute until you can make it further apart of your day because it becomes seamless at that point. right. when i came across writing and understood that it is the foundation of all media and it is how i get my products and services in front of people and build a name for myself. i also realized that it helps me clear my mind. it helps me harness my creative ability. i started stacking wise behind this one action that when i woke up it was almost automatic that i got straight into writing. the next thing is that when you bring your actions from your ideal future or the things that are going to actualize your ideal future into the now and start executing on them, you begin to invest mental energy in a goal through focus on that goal. you are investing energy in that ideal lifestyle that you were trying to create. and the more you do this, whether it be 15 minutes a day or an hour in a day or 4 hours a day, you're investing energy or currency in a metaphorical sense here. and the more you do it, the more you feel obligated to do it. that's how you build momentum and that's how you find passion. you don't find an action that you're super passionate about. instead, you start investing mental energy into a goal. you do the actions that are required to get to that goal, and then you cultivate passion along the way because you discover things that you wouldn't have discovered without that direct experience. and when you don't work on this goal, you will feel as if you are wasting that currency, you're wasting that investment. and then again, your body and your mind are going to tell you, hey, i need to get back to doing this goal. i can't get distracted or else i'm not going to feel the progress, the momentum, the passion that i felt before. and that's how you sustain a passionate, fulfilling and momentum full life. and another thing that comes into play here is my lore of conceptual survival. conceptual survival is the human phenomenon where our survival instincts have transcended the physical realm and are included in the mental. we work to survive ideas, concepts and beliefs that form our sense of self. if you identify or you create this goal that starts to form your perspective and how you view the world and start acting in alignment with it and investing mental energy into that goal or your future identity, you start to slowly build that identity, right? and by conceptual survival, we are trying to survive our concept of self, and our actions are going to align with that. the more that we do these things, the more that you are consistent with the deeper work that we are going to talk about here. and with this, when you view your daily situations from the lens of your future self or from the lens of the goal that you are working towards, you are going to see life in a completely different light, right? you're going to be scrolling on social media and a post that you normally wouldn't have stopped and looked at is going to stop your scroll and it is going to help you in the actualization of that goal. a fitness post is going to grab your attention more than some mindless, cheap entertainment post. and the same goes with conversations you're going to listen from the lens of your goal and be able to filter what they say from that you can spot the things that help you move towards that goal. the main lesson here to end this little section of the video is that if you aren't working towards your ideal future, you're working towards someone else's, because either way we are goal oriented creatures and if you do not create your own goal and start to invest energy in that identity, you're going to invest energy into the identity that is assigned to you. being a college student or having a corporate job title or being a retired at 65 years old dude and your actions are going to follow to survive that belief, whether you are conscious or want to frame it as this whole conceptual survival thing or not. and next we're going to talk about the holistic daily routine. fill your brain in the afternoons with books, learning and socialization. empty your brain before bed with journaling, planning and meditation. use your brain in the morning with creation, output and focus. you need dedicated time every single day for creativity, productivity and experimentation. that is what's going to help you achieve your goals because you need the mixture. it can't only be productivity without experimentation and being able to refine along the way, or you're executing on tasks that have been laid in front of you. and the first objection that comes to mind here is that you don't have enough time. dan i don't have enough time, and that's fine. i'm not asking you to spend 4 hours a day on this or 6 hours a day or 8 hours a day. i'm asking you to spend the minimum amount of time you can, because if you don't, then you aren't creating your future life. if you aren't dedicating time and blocking out and focusing for that time in order to move levers towards your ideal future, then you're not going to create it. it's that simple and you don't. you shouldn't feel you need to. 3 hours at the start of your journey, a young dude who has no responsibilities. if you have a wife and kids, then yeah, you're going to have to start with 15 to 30 minutes and work up from there and it's going to take a bit longer because that's the thing. a lot of people don't realize this or notice this is that your psyche isn't wired for modern life, right? it's not wired for being under fluorescent lights, going in, sitting in a cubicle. right. think of it a monkey in a cubicle. i know you're not a monkey, but a monkey would suffer in a cubicle because it's psyche is not wired for that. we need to hunt. and in this age, what by hunting is novel dopamine. sources or meaningful dopamine sources or importance. something new in your life. discoveries, creativity. that's what hunting is, is being able to find something new. take it, create something with it. and that feels good. and many people don't have that benefit in their life. if modern life has become normal to you, the repetitive npc automaton, lifestyle denoting automaton is a little robotic doll thing. that's what most people are. if this modern life becomes normal to you, you are by definition trapped in the matrix, which is a metaphorical term for you are enslaved and a slave to routine. and many of you are familiar with how i structure my days. i will keep this brief. you need three activities to pursue your goals. full force, one that fills your mind. you need education, ideas, and novel resources. you can apply towards your goals. this will lead to intrinsic motivation, one that empties your mind. you don't want to be trapped in a chaotic bubble of thoughts and useful ideas. that's exactly how you make zero progress. write things down and one that uses your mind. you need a vessel to focus your efforts with your ideas and the clarity to execute build your future. this video is going to be focused on that last point using your mind with deep work. now, i've talked about that entire process before in my previous video, the three step productivity framework. it's about the fill empty use framework. check that out if you're interested, who you are, what you think, feel and do. what you love is the sum of what you focus on. cal newport now we're going to talk about the need for deep work. cal newport is the author of the book deep work. i have it somewhere out in my living room. i've never read it, but i have been doing my own version of deep work for the past ten years. really? i'd say price six years. actually. productivity is about getting the most effective work done in the least amount of time possible. productivity is not about seeing who can work the longest and then where that as a badge of honor that they can show their friends, coworkers and peers. that's a status game. in a world of notifications, ample options and overwhelm deep work is frankly no longer an option. it is a necessity. you have to block out time to work on your future or to work on your business, or to avoid conversation, notification or distractions as a whole. need to sit back. you need to channel the creative firepower that you've gained through your consumption or your education or your skill acquisition. and you need to focus that into a vessel, a business to act, to reap the benefits from that business in the form of money, connections and resources in general, and then be able to have that as currency that you can trade up towards a better life for yourself. deep work is how you build out your dreams in record time. now we're going to talk about the priority ladder. and with this, with the priority ladder, you can drastically change your life in six months with one hour a day of focused work. one hour, that's it. do not think that you need anything more than one hour, one meaningful project, one day at a time. with the priority ladder, it's pretty. it's that it's a priority ladder where there's priority one, two, three and four and they are all not only decreasing in challenge but also increasing in the amount of distraction potential that there is. right. priority one is absolute laser focused on building out your vision with through a project. and then priority four is something maintenance tasks where you are responding to emails, responding to messages and doing other things that, where you are more open to potentially being distracted because there's nothing after that, right? there's no creative work that you have to do. we will start with priority one now, priority one, this is this much built my entire life, right? for as long as i can remember, even into my younger years, i always had one project that i was working on close to first thing in the morning. now it's always first thing in the morning. now i'm writing my book because that is a new project, right? it is not something that i have to consistently work on now. it's not something that i have to maintain or update always. it's something new. and that's what the first priority should be, right? if you have not built anything and you only have one hour a day to spare, this is the one hour time block that you use. this is where you're focusing your efforts on the levers that are going to lead to creating your vision for the future. and then once that is done for beginners, it's probably going to be something starting a social media brand, learning how to write with my to a writer or digital economics course. and then as you break through the perception threshold that we talked about in a previous video, where it's difficult at the beginning but slowly becomes more pleasurable with time, where it's going to be difficult and your mind is going to perceive it as more difficult than it's going to be. and that perceived this difficulty is going to increase. and you until you hit that breakthrough, right. and then you're able to systemize things and then it flows a lot smoother and then you can fit much more into that hour, right. your first hour of focused work isn't going to be that focused. you have to stick it out and refine your system with time. and then once you start seeing results from that first hour of work, then you move that into the second priority time blocks you can start working on something new, right? then when we move into priority two, that's where your lever moving tasks go. in this case, for me, it's replying on social media or creating content, mostly creating content because that's how i feed my system, right? and it's creative work. it's something that i do not want to outsource. and then what people before, when you move that up to the second priority, you're going to start something new in priority one, because that is what's going to keep meaningful dopamine flowing and that is what's going to maintain momentum along this path until you systemize that and then you bump it up another priority, right? for the the next thing that most people should do after starting a social media brand and once they start seeing results with that and it becomes a lot more efficient for them to keep up with that, then you're going to start building a service or a product that you can monetize. and then once that's done, you move that up and start reaching out to people, but then you can start building out a funnel or something else. and then all of these things slowly build on each other over time, the third time block is also for lever moving tasks or creative tasks or meaningful tasks, right? the things that you don't want to outsource, i will never outsource my writing. at least i hope i won't. maybe i will. but in terms of writing in my day, i'm not going to outsource it as a whole. the third time block is to continue keeping the momentum going on. you're building. and all of this can also apply to a corporate job or any work that you have. you have to structure your days with this method. and the fourth time block or the priority for is for maintenance tasks. and for me, that's checking messages, responding to messages, checking emails, responding to emails, checking the modern mastery community and interacting there. this is where i expose myself to people, right? it sounds weird to say it that way, but if you expose yourself to messages or your phone or notifications that way too early in the morning, that one rogue thought that you get from it that you think isn't of importance when you first see it, like, oh, i can touch my phone in the morning and work fine. no, you can't. it's going to pop up. and then that alone is going to split your focus and then that opens up room for entropy, where your mind starts going to all these different thoughts without you knowing it. that's the thing. you probably think it's normal now for you to do that, and you think that you're doing the best, most efficient work you are, but you're not. you push back all of the conversational and maintenance tasks to the fourth priority. and now with all of these, i to structure these anywhere from 45 to 90 minutes long time blocks for priority one, two, three and four each. and then in between, i'll take a break or make breakfast or make lunch or go on a 30 to 40 minute walk and listen to something in my ears, usually closer to the last ones. but in a nutshell, that's it. there's no reason for me to go over exactly all every little hack that i do, because the entire joy of all of this comes through experimentation and creating a way that you doing and testing different techniques. that's a technique that i'm giving you that you can test and then you can pull some of the good things from it, put it into your own day and slowly refine that over time until you live a completely self-made lifestyle, if you will. if you enjoyed this process, first i encourage you to implement it. second, i encourage you to and subscribe and comment comment. if anything stuck out to you or what you're going to implement. because i'm curious to hear which parts stuck out the most there. and then third, check out the products to our writer digital economics modern mastery community that you can join for five bucks links in the description along with some other free my power planner, which also helps with productivity. and then some other cool resources down there. check those out. and with that, have a great rest of your day piece. transcript ================================================== if you can spend 8 hours building someone else's dreams, you can spend one hour building your own. one of the most powerful ideas i've been thinking about recently is bringing your ideal, your future into the now. and what by that is performing the same actions that you would in your ideal lifestyle, but on a much smaller scale. let's say i want to write for 2 hours every morning for the rest of my life. then what i'm going to do, i already do that now. but what i did in the past is i am going to start writing for 5 minutes a day, 15 minutes a day, 30 minutes a day, one hour a day, and slowly increasing over the years until i can sustain the two hour a day writing lifestyle, because, frankly, it doesn't make sense to wait and put off what you're already going to be doing, because i'm assuming what you're going to be doing is going to be directly attributing to the work you are going to do or your life's work. and if you're not already doing those things, then you it's going to be much more difficult when you decide to finally start doing them. and already you're already going to have to start small and taper up. if you don't have the time now to write for 15 minutes every day, you're not going to have the time in the future if writing is going to be what you're doing for work. and the way that you dissect what actions you should be taking is what we're going to talk about soon. this whole video is dedicated to deep work and executing on the tasks that you're going to be doing. but slowly tapering up until you can do them longer. and the reason i want to write for the rest of my life is that, right? i realized my ideal future and i realized that i'm going to have to be writing anyways if i want to continue writing into the future. i also realized that writing was not the first thing, right? you have to try things and start to execute on fundamental tasks in order to understand what it is that you want. right. because at first my desires were selfish. they still are, but i knew that i had to make money somehow in order to sustain or build a future lifestyle for myself and with that, i started on social media. before that i did freelancing and other things. and through that trial and error and realizing, okay, i don't client work, i don't care for web design anymore. i did at the time, but i outgrew it. and now i'm getting into this writing thing and i'm learning all about it and i love it, right? and i would have never stumbled on that unless i had already been working towards my ideal future. whether it be you start writing for 15 minutes every single morning or you start working on the things that will bring you closer to your ideal future, that way you can figure out what you don't want and allow that to act as a self corrective compass into figuring out what you do want. and then once you find that that's the best place to be, right, then you can execute, execute, execute until you can make it further apart of your day because it becomes seamless at that point. right. when i came across writing and understood that it is the foundation of all media and it is how i get my products and services in front of people and build a name for myself. i also realized that it helps me clear my mind. it helps me harness my creative ability. i started stacking wise behind this one action that when i woke up it was almost automatic that i got straight into writing. the next thing is that when you bring your actions from your ideal future or the things that are going to actualize your ideal future into the now and start executing on them, you begin to invest mental energy in a goal through focus on that goal. you are investing energy in that ideal lifestyle that you were trying to create. and the more you do this, whether it be 15 minutes a day or an hour in a day or 4 hours a day, you're investing energy or currency in a metaphorical sense here. and the more you do it, the more you feel obligated to do it. that's how you build momentum and that's how you find passion. you don't find an action that you're super passionate about. instead, you start investing mental energy into a goal. you do the actions that are required to get to that goal, and then you cultivate passion along the way because you discover things that you wouldn't have discovered without that direct experience. and when you don't work on this goal, you will feel as if you are wasting that currency, you're wasting that investment. and then again, your body and your mind are going to tell you, hey, i need to get back to doing this goal. i can't get distracted or else i'm not going to feel the progress, the momentum, the passion that i felt before. and that's how you sustain a passionate, fulfilling and momentum full life. and another thing that comes into play here is my lore of conceptual survival. conceptual survival is the human phenomenon where our survival instincts have transcended the physical realm and are included in the mental. we work to survive ideas, concepts and beliefs that form our sense of self. if you identify or you create this goal that starts to form your perspective and how you view the world and start acting in alignment with it and investing mental energy into that goal or your future identity, you start to slowly build that identity, right? and by conceptual survival, we are trying to survive our concept of self, and our actions are going to align with that. the more that we do these things, the more that you are consistent with the deeper work that we are going to talk about here. and with this, when you view your daily situations from the lens of your future self or from the lens of the goal that you are working towards, you are going to see life in a completely different light, right? you're going to be scrolling on social media and a post that you normally wouldn't have stopped and looked at is going to stop your scroll and it is going to help you in the actualization of that goal. a fitness post is going to grab your attention more than some mindless, cheap entertainment post. and the same goes with conversations you're going to listen from the lens of your goal and be able to filter what they say from that you can spot the things that help you move towards that goal. the main lesson here to end this little section of the video is that if you aren't working towards your ideal future, you're working towards someone else's, because either way we are goal oriented creatures and if you do not create your own goal and start to invest energy in that identity, you're going to invest energy into the identity that is assigned to you. being a college student or having a corporate job title or being a retired at 65 years old dude and your actions are going to follow to survive that belief, whether you are conscious or want to frame it as this whole conceptual survival thing or not. and next we're going to talk about the holistic daily routine. fill your brain in the afternoons with books, learning and socialization. empty your brain before bed with journaling, planning and meditation. use your brain in the morning with creation, output and focus. you need dedicated time every single day for creativity, productivity and experimentation. that is what's going to help you achieve your goals because you need the mixture. it can't only be productivity without experimentation and being able to refine along the way, or you're executing on tasks that have been laid in front of you. and the first objection that comes to mind here is that you don't have enough time. dan i don't have enough time, and that's fine. i'm not asking you to spend 4 hours a day on this or 6 hours a day or 8 hours a day. i'm asking you to spend the minimum amount of time you can, because if you don't, then you aren't creating your future life. if you aren't dedicating time and blocking out and focusing for that time in order to move levers towards your ideal future, then you're not going to create it. it's that simple and you don't. you shouldn't feel you need to. 3 hours at the start of your journey, a young dude who has no responsibilities. if you have a wife and kids, then yeah, you're going to have to start with 15 to 30 minutes and work up from there and it's going to take a bit longer because that's the thing. a lot of people don't realize this or notice this is that your psyche isn't wired for modern life, right? it's not wired for being under fluorescent lights, going in, sitting in a cubicle. right. think of it a monkey in a cubicle. i know you're not a monkey, but a monkey would suffer in a cubicle because it's psyche is not wired for that. we need to hunt. and in this age, what by hunting is novel dopamine. sources or meaningful dopamine sources or importance. something new in your life. discoveries, creativity. that's what hunting is, is being able to find something new. take it, create something with it. and that feels good. and many people don't have that benefit in their life. if modern life has become normal to you, the repetitive npc automaton, lifestyle denoting automaton is a little robotic doll thing. that's what most people are. if this modern life becomes normal to you, you are by definition trapped in the matrix, which is a metaphorical term for you are enslaved and a slave to routine. and many of you are familiar with how i structure my days. i will keep this brief. you need three activities to pursue your goals. full force, one that fills your mind. you need education, ideas, and novel resources. you can apply towards your goals. this will lead to intrinsic motivation, one that empties your mind. you don't want to be trapped in a chaotic bubble of thoughts and useful ideas. that's exactly how you make zero progress. write things down and one that uses your mind. you need a vessel to focus your efforts with your ideas and the clarity to execute build your future. this video is going to be focused on that last point using your mind with deep work. now, i've talked about that entire process before in my previous video, the three step productivity framework. it's about the fill empty use framework. check that out if you're interested, who you are, what you think, feel and do. what you love is the sum of what you focus on. cal newport now we're going to talk about the need for deep work. cal newport is the author of the book deep work. i have it somewhere out in my living room. i've never read it, but i have been doing my own version of deep work for the past ten years. really? i'd say price six years. actually. productivity is about getting the most effective work done in the least amount of time possible. productivity is not about seeing who can work the longest and then where that as a badge of honor that they can show their friends, coworkers and peers. that's a status game. in a world of notifications, ample options and overwhelm deep work is frankly no longer an option. it is a necessity. you have to block out time to work on your future or to work on your business, or to avoid conversation, notification or distractions as a whole. need to sit back. you need to channel the creative firepower that you've gained through your consumption or your education or your skill acquisition. and you need to focus that into a vessel, a business to act, to reap the benefits from that business in the form of money, connections and resources in general, and then be able to have that as currency that you can trade up towards a better life for yourself. deep work is how you build out your dreams in record time. now we're going to talk about the priority ladder. and with this, with the priority ladder, you can drastically change your life in six months with one hour a day of focused work. one hour, that's it. do not think that you need anything more than one hour, one meaningful project, one day at a time. with the priority ladder, it's pretty. it's that it's a priority ladder where there's priority one, two, three and four and they are all not only decreasing in challenge but also increasing in the amount of distraction potential that there is. right. priority one is absolute laser focused on building out your vision with through a project. and then priority four is something maintenance tasks where you are responding to emails, responding to messages and doing other things that, where you are more open to potentially being distracted because there's nothing after that, right? there's no creative work that you have to do. we will start with priority one now, priority one, this is this much built my entire life, right? for as long as i can remember, even into my younger years, i always had one project that i was working on close to first thing in the morning. now it's always first thing in the morning. now i'm writing my book because that is a new project, right? it is not something that i have to consistently work on now. it's not something that i have to maintain or update always. it's something new. and that's what the first priority should be, right? if you have not built anything and you only have one hour a day to spare, this is the one hour time block that you use. this is where you're focusing your efforts on the levers that are going to lead to creating your vision for the future. and then once that is done for beginners, it's probably going to be something starting a social media brand, learning how to write with my to a writer or digital economics course. and then as you break through the perception threshold that we talked about in a previous video, where it's difficult at the beginning but slowly becomes more pleasurable with time, where it's going to be difficult and your mind is going to perceive it as more difficult than it's going to be. and that perceived this difficulty is going to increase. and you until you hit that breakthrough, right. and then you're able to systemize things and then it flows a lot smoother and then you can fit much more into that hour, right. your first hour of focused work isn't going to be that focused. you have to stick it out and refine your system with time. and then once you start seeing results from that first hour of work, then you move that into the second priority time blocks you can start working on something new, right? then when we move into priority two, that's where your lever moving tasks go. in this case, for me, it's replying on social media or creating content, mostly creating content because that's how i feed my system, right? and it's creative work. it's something that i do not want to outsource. and then what people before, when you move that up to the second priority, you're going to start something new in priority one, because that is what's going to keep meaningful dopamine flowing and that is what's going to maintain momentum along this path until you systemize that and then you bump it up another priority, right? for the the next thing that most people should do after starting a social media brand and once they start seeing results with that and it becomes a lot more efficient for them to keep up with that, then you're going to start building a service or a product that you can monetize. and then once that's done, you move that up and start reaching out to people, but then you can start building out a funnel or something else. and then all of these things slowly build on each other over time, the third time block is also for lever moving tasks or creative tasks or meaningful tasks, right? the things that you don't want to outsource, i will never outsource my writing. at least i hope i won't. maybe i will. but in terms of writing in my day, i'm not going to outsource it as a whole. the third time block is to continue keeping the momentum going on. you're building. and all of this can also apply to a corporate job or any work that you have. you have to structure your days with this method. and the fourth time block or the priority for is for maintenance tasks. and for me, that's checking messages, responding to messages, checking emails, responding to emails, checking the modern mastery community and interacting there. this is where i expose myself to people, right? it sounds weird to say it that way, but if you expose yourself to messages or your phone or notifications that way too early in the morning, that one rogue thought that you get from it that you think isn't of importance when you first see it, like, oh, i can touch my phone in the morning and work fine. no, you can't. it's going to pop up. and then that alone is going to split your focus and then that opens up room for entropy, where your mind starts going to all these different thoughts without you knowing it. that's the thing. you probably think it's normal now for you to do that, and you think that you're doing the best, most efficient work you are, but you're not. you push back all of the conversational and maintenance tasks to the fourth priority. and now with all of these, i to structure these anywhere from 45 to 90 minutes long time blocks for priority one, two, three and four each. and then in between, i'll take a break or make breakfast or make lunch or go on a 30 to 40 minute walk and listen to something in my ears, usually closer to the last ones. but in a nutshell, that's it. there's no reason for me to go over exactly all every little hack that i do, because the entire joy of all of this comes through experimentation and creating a way that you doing and testing different techniques. that's a technique that i'm giving you that you can test and then you can pull some of the good things from it, put it into your own day and slowly refine that over time until you live a completely self-made lifestyle, if you will. if you enjoyed this process, first i encourage you to implement it. second, i encourage you to and subscribe and comment comment. if anything stuck out to you or what you're going to implement. because i'm curious to hear which parts stuck out the most there. and then third, check out the products to our writer digital economics modern mastery community that you can join for five bucks links in the description along with some other free my power planner, which also helps with productivity. and then some other cool resources down there. check those out. and with that, have a great rest of your day piece.