Video Title: How I use AI agents to make money Vibe Marketing Tutorial
Influencer: Greg Isenberg
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PduJ0P6r_8o
Date Downloaded: 2025-08-16 12:03:23

========================================
TRANSCRIPT
========================================

Today's episode, we are going to talk about an introduction to Vibe Marketing. Now, if you're listening to this, you've probably heard of Vibe Coding, but you might have not have heard of Vibe Marketing, and I'm going to break down exactly what it is, why you should care, why this is going to propel your business, your startup idea, and why most people should actually be focusing on Vibe Marketing a little more than Vibe coding. I'm actually going to give away a bunch of workflows of how you can do Vibe Marketing. Towards the end, I'm going to talk about some of the tools uh that you could use. And by the end of this, you should have a pretty good foundation of how you can get going uh do vibe marketing, use AI, use agents to automate a lot of the tedious marketing tasks. [Music] So, uh, before I begin, if you're new to the channel, new to the startup ideas podcast, why you should listen to me. I've started and sold three ventureback companies. I was an adviser to Tik Tok. I was an adviser to Reddit. And, uh, I am a co-founder in LCA, which is a design agency for the AI age. We literally work with pretty much all the biggest AI companies or software companies looking to get into AI. So I know a thing or two about um consumer businesses, growing them, marketing uh and AI. So I posted this on on X and it went absolutely uh viral. I said vibe marketing is the new marketing. So when you think about what is vibe coding, right? Vibe coding is using tools like bolt, raplet, lovable. What is uh Vibe marketing? Well, it's actually the combination of some of these Vibe coding tools with things like Gum Loop, Manis, N8N, Tascade, and it's using AI agents and workflows to actually go and build marketing campaigns. So, my co-founder, uh, Boring Marketer, and shout out, uh, shout out to him, James, for helping me kind of put some of these present, uh, presentation materials together. He's the goat when it comes to VI market marketing. Uh he said something that I totally uh resonate with which is marketing will resemble highfrequency stock trading in the near future. Agents working 24/7 monitoring surfacing opportunities personalized micro interactions. You'll be like a portfolio manager or day trader adjusting risk deploying money based on real-time market signals. I totally believe that's where we're going. Why is VI marketing even happening in the first place? I think it's because three things have actually converged at the same time. One is that AI got good enough at marketing tasks. So now agents can actually handle the execution. I don't even think that was true a month ago, by the way. So this is happening in real time. Two, Vibe coding tools made automation accessible to non-developers. No coding required. And three, the custom tool building costs have basically collapsed. So you can build personalized software for pennies basically. Um and because of that, you know, you can basically do a lot of customized marketing campaigns. The old world and the new world. The old world of marketing was basically having these bigger teams, 10 specialists, SEO people, copywriters, designers, analytics people, media buyers. These guys were these people are basically working in silos. you know, they're in meetings, they're in Slack threads, and it takes a while to launch when you have a lot of people. This new world, and which gets me so excited about this new world is, you know, you don't have to raise millions of dollars or have a huge team to actually go and uh and run with this. You basically need a single smart marketer with taste, of course. Uh pair that with AI agents and workflows. We'll get into workflows by the end. I will I'm I'm not going to leave you hanging. testing tons of marketing angles in real time with hundreds hundreds of AI agents running the show launching in days, not weeks. So, uh before we do get into the workflows, let's just talk about what you need to get started, uh in the Vibe marketing toolkit. Uh some of this may be obvious to to some people. You're going to want to have a vibe coding tool like Replet, Bolt, Lovable. So, um, you know, it it is crazy that you can with a prompt go make me a website for new homeowners that help subscribe to exclusive content with flexible payment options. I mean, today, the fact that you can actually put in a prompt and get a prototype uh is a gamecher when you're creating a lot of these uh marketing campaigns. Uh, you're going to want to play with something like NAN. So, NAN, you know, this is their their homepage, flexible AI workflow automation for technical teams. So, you see they have this um flowchart. Uh so, you can basically create these flowcharts that basically help you drag and drop and automate uh with AI agents um and different tools. But I will say one thing, I think NAND is for, you know, more of the experts. Um, so, uh, definitely fun to play around with, but you know, you do need to be pretty savvy to use it. If people want, I can do an NAN, uh, demo and tutorial. Uh, just let me know in the comment section. Uh, Gum Loop is a lot like NADN, but there are some more guard rails. Um, so you know, the example they use on their website, you can scrape a website, scrape a website, you can ask AI, and then you can write it into a Google Sheets. So, uh, it's a lot like NAN, but there's it's just a the it's more user friendly. Um, and, uh, yeah, that's Gum Loop. Um, I also did an episode with Flo from lindy.ai. Uh, in a lot of ways, it's similar to Gum Loop. Um, it's it's basically like an NAN agent platform that allows you to, uh, basically automate a bunch of stuff. So, uh, if you haven't checked out the, um, the episode with Flo, um, you know, we we kind of went through how to automate, uh, a a recruiter, how to do sales prospecting, all automated, uh, all using AI agents and not just one agent, hundreds, or what they call agent swarms, which is a key part of I marketing. Quick break in the pod to tell you a little bit about Startup Empire. So, Startup Empire is my private membership where it's a bunch of people like me, like you who want to build out their startup ideas. Now, they're looking for content to help accelerate that. They're looking for potential co-founders. They're looking for uh tutorials from people like me to come in and tell them, "How do you do email marketing? How do you build an audience? How do you go viral on Twitter?" All these different things. That's exactly what Startup Empire is. And it's for people who want to start a startup but are looking for ideas or it's for people who have a startup but just they're not seeing the traction uh that they need. So you can check out the link to startupmpire.co in the description. Uh Manis, I've done an episode on Manis before. Um, in fact, you know, I actually threw this presentation into Manis to help design and and help me think through it. So, the fact that I can do that is, you know, it's kind of meta, but that's vibe marketing, right? You know, I I put it in here and it helps me kind of think through what I need to put in here. You know, it's a designer, it's a strategist, it's a McKenzie level analyst. Uh, so highly recommend playing with that. And then of course um Claude or Clude as I say uh you can definitely use it to uh you know write. It's probably one of the best writing tools out there right now. Open router um you know people know this a bit less uh but it's basically a way to get one single AI key that helps manage multiple multiple models. So, um, you know, if you're creating, you know, if if you want to use DeepSseek R1 for this and open AAI 03 for that, uh, using something like open router is something that you're going to want to play around with. Sora, I've done episodes on this before. Well, chat GBT image den uh you know one of the interesting things that Jacob Posel said on on on the tuto on one of our tutorials uh on on on the channel was that he actually thinks that Sora is you know you get better results on Sora than you do on chat GBT image gen. But this idea that you can go into a Sora or Chat GBT image gen and generate these extremely high quality uh photos, videos um and content. I mean, how doesn't that change the game in social, right? Like, how, you know, it it helps arm you with this huge uh advantage, unfair advantage to actually go and create content that's going to resonate with your audience. So, this is something um that my co-founder, Boring Marketing, put together uh for for his holding company, and I think it's one of those things that I think uh everyone should basically do. Um, it's a scorecard. Um, and the reason I put it in here is it's a scorecard of all the different models. You can see 40 mini, 03 mini, gro 3, uh, code 3.7, deepsee reasoner, perplexity, sonar, deep research. And it basically scores it by analyst brief blog. And the point of this is that uh certain models are going to be better for certain things for whatever it is you're doing within Vibe Marketing. though you know I talked about you know when it comes to uh you know writing for example blog creation you can see at the bottom here uh you know code 3.7 it's actually amazing for content brief and blog creation so you know well-crafted blog with humanlike content it understands brand voice and maintains consistency and adds relevant internal links when we add it for when when we uh when we add website for it to refer to now you have to figure out uh for yourself which which models and which LLMs are going to be your LLM marketing friends. Some things are going to be better, some things are going to be worse, and I encourage people to actually go and create scorecards so that they know uh what's working uh for them. I will say as a caveat that these models are changing all the time. I've noticed actually over the last couple weeks that uh code 37 is actually kind of getting worse at writing. So uh you know, you got to continue update this. So, the moment you've all been waiting for. Let's actually see some workflows so we can learn how you can copy uh Vibe Marketing Pros and and start automating you and just sort, you know, you can lay on the beach while this this weird, you know, robot thing is going to serve you cash. Let's talk about um basically a few workflows here. So, uh, for your stack on this, uh, you're going to want N8 to N. You're going to want a Google Sheets, you're going to need an AI model, you're going to need Google Cloud Console, you're going to need, um, some data sources, so social platforms or other inputs, and you're going to need open router, which we talked about before. It's basically access multiple AI models through one API. Now, once you have that stack, you're going to be able to create a few different workflows. You'll be able to create a data analyzer, so you can connect sheets with AI for insights. You'll be able to create a content monitor. You can scrape Reddit and summarize with AI. You can create a competitor alert, get notifications of competitor posts, email summarizer, weekly AI summaries of emails. You can even do a meeting assistant, although this exists uh a a lot, you know, in other products. Um but uh yeah basically the formula is you pull data from sources, you transform it with AI, you analyze the results, you apply insights to strategy, and you create a closed loop uh strategy with output. So this is just some really really simple ways to actually create some of your first workflows. We're going to get to more interesting stuff um over here. So Jordan Mix, who uh is a partner at Late Checkout, my holding company, uh who has been on the pod before, had this really cool thing where um his workflow was the one-click CRM. So he basically uh was able to um you know, you can think of the use case of this podcast, the Startup Ideas podcast, every single week having a uh here's the five guests that we should invite on the podcast. uh automated uh and it's and and vetted and reaching out based on their social links basing based on other content that they've done. So, how does it work? You uh step one is you trigger with Gum Loop browser extension. Um and you can check that out on your own time, but um the browser extension basically uh you know what, I can show it to you real quick. It's this Chrome extension that automates your browser with AI. So basically, you can record your browser actions and replay them with a single click. No coding required. You can scrape and process web content with AI. Um, so super helpful. It's a Chrome extension, by the way. I'm not affiliated with Gum Loop or uh yeah, I'm not affiliated with with this company at all. Uh, and let's go back to the presentation. Yeah, someone asked me, "Are you filming with Gum Loop?" No, no, I just I'm trying to give you the sauce. I want to see what you can create. Um, and, uh, let's, uh, let's continue. So, uh, you trigger with the Gum Loop browser extension. You scrape the website so you can get a transcript, for example, if it's a YouTube video. Then you can analyze the content and web search. Um, you can extract the data. You get the social links and other relevant links. And then you can craft an outreach message, store it in Air Table, and then you can send a weekly summary to your team. Now, you actually don't even need to use Gum Loop for that. You can use Lindy, you can use other platforms. Um, but this is super cool because it does a lot of the heavy lifting, the boring stuff uh around actually figuring out who to reach out to and and how to reach out to them. Uh, this is a classic Vibe Marketing uh example. Uh we I did a podcast on this how we basically built this Disney Pixar level videos of myself um using Chat GBT uh Leonardo Chat GBT was on the script writing I think Leonardo AI cling AI uh stitching that together to actually make these beautiful images move into videos and 11 labs for um for the voice and uh highly recommend to watch this. It's pretty long, but um it's an interesting way because you know why is this interesting in in the context of Vibe marketing? Because if you can create there's this arbitrage moment that exists right now where you can actually go and create Pixar level content that's going to fly on social media if it's actually good uh and your competitors are not. Uh you can even create a completely AIdriven newsletter. So you use Google appcript that takes a topic and a point of view from a Google sheet and then and then uses perplexity for all the deep research uh code for writing and midjourney for images. Imagine that like a completely AIdriven newsletter. Now, I know some people in the comment section are going to be like, "Oh my god, that's just going to be AI slop." And it might it might be AI slop, but if you have the right prompts um and you're Yeah, you have the right prompts and you do have some human in the loop at some point. Um it it you know, I I wouldn't say that's it's 100% true. I've seen AIdriven newsletters that are so so valuable and I love getting in my inbox and you you probably didn't wouldn't even know that it's uh AI. Um okay, so how to scale content with Vibe Marketing. Couple tools that we're we're using NAN, Google Sheets, Open Router, Open AAI, and Clo37. So how it works, you get insight from specific subreddits. You come up with content ideas using open AI. You store the ideas. You get one idea per execution and then you use code point uh 3.7 to create content for LinkedIn, YouTube video scripts and blog post. Shout out to boring marketer who put this together. Um I just think it's brilliant, right? Reddit, you have all these validated ideas and then you use open AI to sort of remix it and brainstorm. Um it's just it helps. You know so many people come to me and said say I you know I don't have time to do content I can't do content ideas I need a system for creating content this is your system vibe marketing is here sales agent you can create a you know use an LLM to validate a raw list of leads then get info from that website analyze it generate a report and send custom outreach you don't need a junior salesperson literally just automate it using Vibe marketing e-commerce, a system that takes Amazon as that's like basically the Amazon skew, uh, and runs it through seven AI agents, pulls in reviews, keywords, search behavior, turns it into a full listing, bullets, titles, back-end terms, image overlay copy, even A+ content, all structured, all conversion focused. It's basically like having a strategist, copywriter, and SEO person in one click. Are you getting fired up about Vibe marketing? I am just talking about it and it goes on and on you know um you can you could uh here's another content idea content one uh using NAN search reddit for relevant combos in my niche you know how much I like Reddit ex extract themes painoints for content ideas and then generate psychologically powerful hooks outlines and briefs and just store it in a Google sheet for editing so it's similar to what we saw before um but thinking you maybe you just do it for hooks maybe you just do it for outines Maybe you just do it for briefs. Um, so this one is about, you know, who, you know, people who want to start YouTube channels but need content ideas. So first, you know, you're going to use again NAN, YouTube API, Open AI, Open Router, Google Sheets, Google Cloud. How you do it? Step one is you find videos. So you search YouTube for a keyword and fetch trending videos in your niche. Uh, then you extract the info, get title, description, views, and channel details. Then you store the raw data. You save that video into Google Sheets. Analyze the content. Use AI to extract content angles from titles and descriptions. Generate ideas. Ask idea. Ask AI to suggest new video ideas based on those angles. And by the way, use the model that you know will come will come up with the best stuff here. And then store the results. So save those angles in Google Sheets all in the cloud. I don't you know those are just a few of the workflows I encourage people to go and try and come up with their own. Use any tool you'd like. Uh this is where um you know I I think that the world of marketing is going to is really going to change over the next 12 to 18 months. This is an image from from my co-founder um where you know he said you know he says basically marketers using AI tools in isolated ways for specific outputs on individual channels. That's how people work today. But basically in the next 12 to 18 months, we're going to see an interconnected AI system working together with shared contexts. You're going to have basically uh multiple AI agents and workflows. And these are going to be managed by manager agents trained by human experts. This is the future of marketing. Everyone marketers will evolve from individual ex uh executors to orchestrator of these systems. Small marketing teams of five will accomplish what previously required much larger teams. We talked about that. Adding new marketing channels isn't a, you know, won't require hiring. It's literally just an agent away. Outputs will be more consistent and with less feedback cycles needed and systems will be goal oriented. So, it's going to be about telling your agents, hey man, I need 50,000 new organic visitors monthly. Go figure out how to do it. There's going to be real time adaptation. So, real-time adaptation will occur as systems analyze market gaps, create opportunities instantly. marketing might resemble high frequency trading. We talked about that. Um, you get the idea. Marketing is changing so much right now and now is the time to actually get good at this vibe marketing stuff. So, what makes a good vibe marketer? I think that if you can think in systems, not campaigns, creating these like systems, these flowcharts type things, you'll outperform. If you're good at testing relentlessly, you know, now you're no longer testing two ads. you're testing 50 variations, 100 variations. You're doing a lot of testing every single day. Uh, and you're learning quick. Um, you're frontloading value in everything you create. You know, you build once, you distribute forever, and you let machines handle the boring stuff. By the way, if you want to see more Vibe Marketing tutorials, highly recommend following Boring Marketer on X. Uh, he shares a bunch of workflows. Uh this is his agency where he automates five marketing um for folks. I'm a co-founder in this um and he also has a school community which will include in the links uh for other vibe marketers and uh I think he charges 100 bucks lifetime to join but the price goes up every 100 members. So, for for people interested, check it out. Um, that's the introduction to VI marketing. I hope that was helpful. I wanted to give you all the sauce. Didn't want to hold back. Um, if you enjoyed this thing, I think you you kind of you got to let me know at least. So, like, comment, and sub, and share this with a friend so you can go actually build something. I don't want you just to like, comment, and subscribe. That's not fun. I want you to build something, and I want to see you win. I'm rooting for you. The best thing you can do uh is to actually just play with the tools. Uh see what you learn. Put it in your schedule. Every day I'm going to spend 30 minutes on this. I'm going to create a workflow. I'm going to automate this. I'm going to ask my team what are what are repetitive tasks that I can go and automate. Honestly, that's the best thing you can do. Um and that doesn't cost you any money. So, um a lot of these platforms have free trials. um check it out, have fun, and uh and yeah, maybe we can use the comment section as a place to uh just share share our learnings and and share how we're feeling about this. So, um go get them. Till next time, that was the Startup Ideas podcast introduction to Vibe Marketing.
